I love this! I belong here; keep it up SimpliLearn!!	2
"A prateleira de cabe?a para baixo eu chamo de """"prateleira morcego"""" e a mesa para livros composta por 4 caixotes, com rodzio eu colocaria um abajur comprido no espa?o central ! ??????????????"	1
"Direct Link to The Full Video on Patreon:
https://bit.ly/3gC0Gtx"	1
Im extremely far behind on my classes and your teaching me more then my teachers have so far	0
I have the 12pro max and literally only getting the IP14 Pro model because Im tired of the max size.  So really nothing on the 14 pro model that wows me.  But really at this point in yearly iPhones, we are past the wow must have moments.  So this 14 pro model will be the first iphone that I will keep for years and not upgrade until it breaks and have to get new phone	1
Baby elephants are also adorable, I thought it would have been included	2
Really good response in the second half. Have to start games better if we want to win against the better teams though.	2
Thank god theyre back together. Hopefully we get some more Russian predator catches	2
Some people are just too sue happy. Hurt feelings from people stating opinions don't count, Bro! He definitely stepped wrong on this, because now someone like me, who has zero interest in crypto because of excessive cynicism, knows about him and knows to steer clear. HE did this, not Atozy or Coffeezilla, HE put his reputation on the line instead of ignoring it and letting it roll off his back.	0
Thanks for all the information Sir ?? Eagerly waiting for the new iPhones and and your videos on them. ??	2
We are a absolute mess. If Casemiro was the target why wasn't he signed 2 months ago?. We just panic and buy whoever with no strategy man. Im not saying Casemiro is a rubbish player, he is quality. Its just Man Utd's approach to signings is a joke. Plus im not overly keen on giving a 30 year old a 5 year contract at 250k a week. ( but ill literally take anything over Scott and Fred ).	0
That's a big dinner... and good music	2
The best training I had seen till now on youtube, no adds, no waste of time, very detail!	2
Awesome show as always!	2
One of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he archives something He always respect us, the audience and his team and he is polite in all his videos We congratulate ourselves on this achievement More to come..	2
Foodie beauty is actually a terrible person  and context behind that video is her cheat meal was at 5am while her boyfriend at the time got woken up by her and had to get ready. She had eaten a salad and cottage cheese the night before I believe and while yes she ate it, it wasnt fulfilling so she at this pre-breakfast. She genuinely is vile iykyk	0
Half the comments on this video are lol you guys think the SAT is hard wait til you learn about (insert random countrys standardized test). The discussion surrounding this video shouldnt be mine is harder and therefore better, it should be about how bad standardized testing is and how it really isnt a measure of intelligence, just of taking the test.	0
I am proud of myself for learning a 44 (level58) at the age of 12	2
Fun fact: When she solved the yellow side she didnt actually just solve the whole yellow side randomly, she actually got the whole first layer done!	2
I like her approach and It's partly right but I do believe that the things that we want to do during the week could be postponed for other reasons too and not only because we don't count them as priorities. For example,  it's not the same having free time in the morning and having free time at 23:00. The opportunities for doing certain things are less (kids are in bed, shops are closed etc.) Also, when you want to meet other people you need to find some hours in which you are both free and it's not super easy to happen	1
"lol. --- Government: Give corporations that are making record profits more money. For Canadians ""Childcare is the fix for inflation"". Give me a break. Governments are there to screw the small guy. ""get another job"". Step off."	0
"Dear Greg, Thanks for the video. That was quite helpful!
I have a question: A word when added to an existing search using AND gives me nearly 700 items as results . The same word when added as a mesh gives me ~ 200 items. Why is this different? Thanks once again, G"	2
"I think ""fake it till you make it"" is really important when it comes to confidence. You need to practice it in order for it to start coming naturally. Appearing confident, even when you don't feel confident, I believe, can prevent confrontation or becoming a victim (in some circumstances)."	2
3:36 Never gets old. The very definition of situational awareness	2
I love this channel for giving so much information about something that I am interested in	2
I definitely wanna see more of these theyre dealing interesting	2
I was considering about joining a coding bootcamp program for possible game dev applications and job fittings afterwards. Most bootcamps I have come across are primarily web development for tech companies and job placement with companies like google, apple, etc. Are there any game dev bootcamps similar to those? Do they have a high percentage hire rate within so many months after completing their program?	1
Today Im going to Europe, when I come back, Ill review all of this teachimg videos	1
"""I just need 11,780 votes""=GUILTY!"	0
One of your best videos in a while. I cant believe you got Alex on the FaceTime!	2
I love how he pours the whole bottle and says thats enough????	2
Cz??? GPlay fajny odcinek :-)	2
"Mich interessiert diese mal vor allem das technische Innere der iPhones. Beim MacBook Air M2 hat Apple beim kleinsten Speicher lediglich einen einzelnen Baustein verbaut und die Ger?te sind deshalb angeblich langsam. Falls diese Technik auch bei den iPhones verbaut wird bin ich schon gespannt was drinnen ist.
Und zum iPhone Mini:
Ich k?nnte mir vorstellen, dass dieses Ger?t in naher Zukunft als iPhone SE 4(2024) oder SE 5(2026) zurckkommt.
??????????"	2
"I'm not convinced that opting out of Google's security ""features"" does anything. I've noticed with its phone tracking system that if I turn it off for a month and then turn it back on the next month, I can go back in time and see the tracking from the previous month, when it was off. I think that they still track you, and the only thing the toggle does is determine whether or not the user can see it, and I believe this is also the case for other security features. For this and other reasons, I've been working on weaning myself off of Google services for the last year or so."	0
Amo as lembran?as que essa msica me traz...??	2
3:57 Moose arent the size of Deers do you usually 6.2 feet and a deer is 5.3 feet	1
I love how realistic and interactive your challenge videos are. It's like survivor lol. Really love it. Looking forward to more in the future. Wish I could join the servers tho	2
So satisfying,amazing recipes, love your videos ?	2
"""In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies but the silence of our friends."" -MLK Jr."	1
That friggin horse looked like a running back cutting back and across mid-stride breaking for daylight, then breaking it open to the end zone! Awesome display of athleticism, horse and jockey.	2
To anybody who's reading this, I pray that whatever is hurting you or whatever you are constantly stressing about gets better. May the dark thoughts, the overthinking, and the doubt exit your mind. May clarity replace confusion. May peace and calmness fill your life. ??	2
Her mind is so beautifully inspiring.	2
This video doesn't even mention his humor, which is abundant, alongside the tragedy and darkness	0
Coming from a person whos from Hawaii, Im surprised we dont have some of the Hawaiian stuff that Japan has lol. As for the US side, missed the chance to add the Hawaii breakfasts.	1
You can try coating the berries with flour before you mix them in. The flour coating on them slows down how fast they fall to the bottom of the pan. The same goes for things like chocolate chips.	1
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin  18kissx.Uno
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer  
2 ( elecciones ) 9.5/10 3 ( culturales ) 9.3/
????????
10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy :
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 
15:15
Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial "	1
I needed to watch this several times before watching closely how to separate the two cubes to actually understand how it's possible to have twice the same cube as the first one xD	1
I love cap'n	2
Brilliant, well-spoken, well-enunciated, and a welcoming and animated face.  Great video!  I learned a lot.	2
i don't know a lot about computer science, but your visuals and the way you formulate the argument are very good	2
"Como um presente diz que n?o h transparncia na elei??o e foi eleito desde que o sistema eletr?nico existe ?   
        Eu quero ver se ele tem coragem de defender isso num debate debate.
       Lamento o Brasil ter chefe de na??o t?o despreparo ."	1
I was the little boy in the commercial! It was a such a great day in my childhood. I remember my 10 year old sister trying to teach Dave Chappelle how play Grand Theft Auto. Really kind tv crew.	2
Amazing footage !!!.	2
"Bonjour 
Je suis  Brazza et je suis intress par les machines que vous promotionnes.
Comment passer la commande et receptionner  Brazzaville ?"	1
He's too funny. Great introduction to African American culture. I love him.	2
I love how I been watching for dang Matt for so longggg since I was 11 and Im 13 and this man still cracks me up ????????	2
We gathered a list of the most talented people we could find on the internet and held our own talent show for a $10,000 prize!	2
I'm a HS teacher and I've probably played this playlist as background music in my classroom for my students 100 times since April.  Thanks for making it!	2
Out of all of these the only one I'm looking forward too is high on life looks like I'll be starting my second play through of kingdom come deliverance and if you haven't played it yet and love big open world story driven RPGs with basic survival mechanics and quite different combat mechanics I highly suggest it though it's still got a few bugs	2
I wanna play cult of the lamb so much!!!	2
"I love that when I see the comments of lo fis and someone says that he managed to finish some work, people always answer 
""nice job"". It motivates a lot, I love the fellowship of the lofi community."	2
Just so you know, I'm from Brazil and this video saved me. Thank you. Finally the algorithm got the recommendation right!	2
Mj ulubiony utwr ??	2
"""And yes, I realize that 'future Mark problems' are starting to stack up a bit.""

Welcome to game development. Or software development in general. Or really, making *anything.*"	1
Except for the eyeliner smudge I think her makeup looks great. I was worried it was gonna look too greasy with all the creams/serums/oils but it turned out great.	2
Due to this glitch we have disabled cubes	0
1:13 That was the best golf shot I've ever seen.	2
This looks amazing! They clearly are making a very entertaining show. Can't wait to see who else the surprise characters are that shows up.	2
"We are teaching our children the wrong things in school. We are creating a societal system where each section is dependent upon the other sections. This means when one section fails then the rest also fail. 

We need to teach our children to be independent.  Instead, we teach children how to be obedient workers.

To give meaning to someone's life teach them how to grow their own food, build their own house, repair their own car, cook their own meals, eat to stay healthy and most importantly how to meditate and pray. This gives life meaning."	0
???????, ????????? ?? ?????,?????? ? ??????????? ?? ?????? ??????? ???? ???????	1
"THE MARVELS ? 2023 Teaser ?
https://youtu.be/g2RnhBps-1A ?"	1
For the first time in my two years in college, I actually understand what I am seeing. Thank you. I am in the MLT program trying to understand how PCR testing works but in order to do that I realized that I REALLY need to comprehend DNA and how it is made in order to understand how it is taken apart and analyzed. You have really given me a strong visual and I can't thank you enough.	2
You just covered everything I learned in my 8th grade year in an hour	1
Banter has gone full Bitboy	1
probably a very unique demand, but I really just need that watch to have an Audible app	1
"-Funny as fuck
-Really good editing
-Good pacing
Really good overall Wulzy video!"	2
Are they really that hard up for candidates in New York?	1
I remember this but also the tutorial map for the ps3, these maps are iconic??	2
"Awesome way to beat Procrastination :D  I'm barely even keeping a 'To-Do' list with my current project (I have a list with 5 tasks - 3 are done lol) .. hopefully this will inspire me to be more organized because it will speed up my development 200%  
You've inspired me as always Reece! (And I've only been awake 15 mins :D)"	2
i own a remarkable 2 and that feeling surreal to hold was the same thing i felt when i got it, its great for anyone wanting a device to write with for school and so much thinner and easier to carry around than a notebook or binder, especially since you can import and export pdfs for downloading and submitting assignments online	2
Love how you added rpg maker As a Game engine There very underated But Very Amazing	2
These documentaries are always so relaxing...love 'em	2
"Hilary Mason is not only a computer scientist, but one of the first famous 'Data Scientists', a very well-known word today, but not so much a decade ago. Her research and knowledge sharing has helped to develop the field into becoming the vast and useful network it is today.

Great video!"	2
Felicidades MrBeast, te deseo lo mejor.	1
A few years ago it hit me that job interviewing is like a first date and working is like being in a relationship in a sense. Thinking of it that way I began to realize the error of my ways. This is an excellent video. Thank you so much. I cannot tell you how many good job opportunities I messed up when I was younger just on the tell me about yourself question.	2
I am Programming for more than ten years and I never saw anyone explain a complex idea by such a clean and clear terms. Well done.	2
DINHOOUUU!! Achei muito interessante esse jogo Lies Of P, Gostaria muito de assistir um vdeo especial seu trazendo mais detalhes desse game ????????	2
This reminds me of Nezhmetdinov's bishop pair against Chernikov	1
And people say you are just ruining innocent peoples fun	0
"He is 19 guys seriously instead of making positive comments you talk about how much he makes
Its not all about money in this life
The kid is a good example for many of us out here"	2
Lets take a moment appreciate the things mr beast dose for his videos to entertain us!	2
So this actually looks good. As long as Egghead doesnt come back as another villain pulling the strings, looks promising.	2
Who's here studying and cramming the day before their biology STAAR? ME	1
"When Groot said ""It's Grootin' time"" I fell into tears, what an emotional scene with amazing script writing! Keep up the hard work!"	2
"This movie also available which is dubbed one but best one is original ?? 
No one match vijay sethupathi .... but hritik gaves such a glimpse up ??????"	2
Quality player is Casemiro & also a DM which we've cried out for. The concern with this signing though is how much more motivation will he have to still achieve having won everything multiple times over at Madrid? We are said to pay him an eye-popping 400k a week is what I've heard & that's typical United, one of our biggest problems has been paying insane wages resulting in comfortable, unmotivated players who we then can't move on when it's time. As I say, quality player but just seems like one that may help to stabilise us a bit more again but won't helps us achieve anything substantial. As for Pulisic, I've always been quite underwhelmed by him, albeit you can see he does possess good quality. I probably wouldn't be averse to a loan though, it can't be any worse than banging our heads against a brickwall hoping Rashford does anything productive every week.	0
Liz Chaney I commend you on ur stand for righteous, not stupidity, God will definitely protect u don't worry about these folks, they're so far up in Trump's butt they can smell his crap, I stand with u Liz Chaney. Republicans are drowning without a life jacket. VOTE ????	1
I love his space. It's messy, full of things that he could throw away if he really went through it all, but it's a catalog of and container for life as he's living it rather than just a show piece.	2
Please continue to make your videos Julia! Theyre so relaxing and inspiring and I look forward to them each week. I cant believe you can do so much in one day!	2
OMG I remember the halloween makeup video!!! I'm happy that you collaborated again, she is so talented and sweet, and you're looking amazing!! Thank you for another very relaxing video ????	2
I have watched Vikram vedha on youtube in Hindi last year. I don't think, Saif can beat R. Madhwan in acting. R Madhwan surprised us in the end as he looks innocent throughout the whole movie. But Saif doesn't look innocent at all throughout the trailer. R Madhwan's smile was enough to make Vikram vedha a thriller movie.	2
Hey Marvel fans! Check out this awesome video by our friends at CBR! https://youtu.be/LXe19p_f7JA	2
"I've had my Steam Deck for about a month now and your reaction to the weight was EXACTLY the same reaction I had. Everyone says it's ""so big"" but honestly when you hold it in your hand and feel that weight it makes everything go away. Amazing handheld."	2
Love this song I listen to it all day long.  Even while I'm working	2
Hi Krish, we have pycaret library which you have shown in one of your video, then is it advisable to use or we need to create individual model and compare them and finalise one, kindly advise.	1
"What if we get a little crazy Magnus?
*You cant talk about crazy on every single move* lol"	1
It's so funny to see how harry still gets asked a question and manages to answer something completely different ??	2
Great insights Ken. I certainly agree that data science's decline is far from sight. In the life science domain, the use of data science has started to scratch the surface and there's a whole new frontier of possibilities.	2
J Perm once brought up that Rubik's brand doesn't really corner twist or pop. For non-speedcubers who wouldn't know how to fix those issues in a way that keeps the cube solvable, it's more important cube design makes these things impossible than it is important for cubes to be fast.	1
Ever since Ubi started putting games on Game Pass Immortals is THE game I've wanted them to drop there, I like the art style over the ultra realistic and the mythology based storyline should be perfect for a classic action adventure experience.	2
Imagine being forced to cheerlead the company that just fired you....	0
My old time favorite video from Matt Stonie. Thank you, Matt Stonie, for the entertainment of competitive eating.	2
As a OLED switch owner I have to say that its a great list BUT Id include switch sports and mario party superstars in the honorable mentions. Those are the type of games that makes the nintendo switch be different than any other consoles in the market. The local multiplayer of this little thing called nintendo switch is nasty	0
"Absolutely in love with this new show already. Loved all the actors and Rhaenyra's ""Dracarys"" was absolutely amazing!"	2
Second one was definitely the best, honestly with a few updates to design , ui and the background this could be a top tier mobile game, the background could change to a crystal cavern at a higher lvl and the enemies could change later lvls.	2
Ive been looking at those remarkable tablets for a few years now. I just cant justify the price when I can carry an old school notebook lol	1
Ranila bhanda a ayanam kirem nawata dama rate eturu tikat kannay hadanne ????????	1
"?Despus de todo la calidad es increble!
this is really one of my favorite ASMR channels ??"	2
"Nobody can beat original one ""ratsasan"" ???what a masterpiece"	2
Good on Chris Wallace! We also need to keep pushing for better legislation that benefits real Americans.	2
Haven't watched in a few months and you're above a million. Impressive growth man	2
This co-host was amazing!!!! She made the show 10x more enjoyable. Id love to see her again! Amazing energy	2
Amazing tutorial! You explained everything so clearly and helped me to grasp some of the topics even better!	2
Cest trop bien jai vraiment h?te que je jeux sortent et de vous voir en vidos dessus ??????	2
It was good explanation..Thank you	2
"I could honestly kiss the person who invented ""follow instructions"" type asmr. SO tingly! Hipnotize us with your light saber chopsticks Queen <3"	2
Kkkkkkkkkkk	1
"TLDR: Mark learned to FOCUS ON THE PRIMARY LOOP. 

Looks amazing already Mark!  :)"	2
Phone pe charging,but gpay not charging	1
You are a great teacher. You have gotten me through nursing math and now youre getting me through chemistry thank you so much	2
im pretty sure the guy thats everywhere is the brave man who took all these google map pictures	1
I haven't heard a weak verse from Take yet! Doubt we ever will. ??	1
Nice beds.  If you like the bed sheets to look crisp, like they were just ironed, make the bed and then lightly mist spray the sheets (including the pillowcases) with plain water, using a standard spray bottle.  This works on cotton sheets, which will stretch out as the mist of water dries out.  It is a luxury hotel trick.  The sheets will look pristine, especially white sheets.	2
I can not imagine how much time you have spent making this video.  Really appreciate your effort for breaking down such a complex mater into these easy, followable steps!	2
When you refill batteries on the remote,It just feels like reloading a *Shotgun* ????????	1
"- One of the best songs of 1992;
- One of the best songs of the 90s; 
- One of the best songs of the 20th century;
- One of the best songs of all time."	2
oh my gosh this playlist is bomb! thank you for sharing! listening to this while doing my schoolworks, such a mood booster <3	2
That cable organiser would be incredible in my dorm room	2
Let's not forget that Apple Pay in 2014 required a brand new iPhone in order to use it.  A significant portion of Apple's user base wasn't able to use it even if they wanted to.  As each successive iPhone incorporated the technology and older iPhones were replaced the number of people who could use the technology increased.	1
Can we just appreciate how she is willing to get lots of cavities for us! <3 ????	2
Funny enough mukbangers claim viewers love to hear smacking yet any comments I read contain complete disdain for the sound never loved all the loud, open-mouthed, heavy breathing is this vid ??	0
definitely dragon dogma. for the best, most complex combat system and great character development so many factors come into play. npc companions learn player behavior, improve, can be borrowed from other players, and then come back with gifts and trophies and new knowledge. Class change at any time. A game that went down with the release of Skyrim, but remains one of the best fantasy RPGs to this day. the sequel, Arisen, finally brought a few more Fast Travel Crystals into play.	2
WE FINALLY GETTING CRYSTAL ONIX!!!!	2
Hey Tee????  Everything looks so good??	2
"I was recently thinking about what would be next for NSO+EP. And I thought it would be a great idea if Gameboy and Gameboy Colour get launched on the standard tier in September, whilst adding Gameboy Advance and Nintendo GameCube to the Expansion Pack tier in October, one year after the Expansion Pack tier had launched.

I also think that your idea of Super Mario Odyssey DLC being added would be brilliant!"	2
Hi! This video was super helpful! I am currently a incoming junior in high school and I am planning to self-study this summer and take the exam in the fall.	2
The 2001 original Xbox was my first one! Got it in 2004 though because I haven't heard of it until the fall of 2003 from my uncle, besides Halo. Now here I am at 25 still loving it!	2
Fun fact about the monkey: there's a chess variant called Congo which has a piece also called monkey with the exact same movement, except it captures the pieces it jumps over (so they can only be of the opposite color) instead of the last one	1
Hello Dan,  great informative video. I have been learning a lot with your channel videos. This information gave me so much clarity, I tend to get very nervous on interviews. These videos have been very useful to me, for which I strongly recommend him and will take Dan especially into account in my future consultations. Thanks a lot for such good stuff.	2
Segn yo lo veo en Eternals Marvel fue la primera en gui?arle un ojo a DC para alguna probable pelcula conjunta, el problema que yo veo es que evidentemente ambas compa?as querrn un 50% de participacin y beneficios en todo, y el mundo compartido de DC ni por asomo esta lo suficientemente consolidado como para que le d a DC la necesaria fuerza de negociacin para el proyecto	1
"Pasaba por aqui, y me encontr con esta joya de asmr, exelente vdeo me hiciste sentir asmr.
Por cierto estas muy hermosa"	1
Does anyone have a love-hate relationship with analyzing literature? Like, when the teacher explains the deep meaning of something, it makes total sense and logic to get to that point of analytical conclusion. But, when I try to find a meaning of something, it always turns out to be wrong even though theres technically no correct way to analyze a text perfectly. It just doesnt make sense to me when I would get a 75 on a analysis paper just because the teacher didnt see/analyze what I wrote about a certain text.	0
"That Sam CS BGM towards the end gave me massive goosebumps!!!
Vishal-Shekar and Sam are gonna kill with the soundtrack!!!!!!"	2
I've been Xbox ever since the first one and I own all 4 generations of the consoles and in my opinion the 360 was the best one for user interaction as it was simple enough yet an excellent experience	2
i love how jimmy shushes us even though we cant do anything lol	2
you have to appreciate primitive technology for actually being a legit survival channel	2
I never knew much about Lady Gaga, I thought she was way over the top, but this wonderful interview showed me how wrong I was. She touched me deeply with her comments about sexual abuse and how we put it in a box and shut it so we can continue living, until something triggers the memory and the box explodes wide open. That is EXACTLY how it happens and only a survivor like myself knows it.	1
Multiplayer trophies tied to the platinum will always, ALWAYS be the worst.	0
"Me encantan tus ASMR Lowe , eres el
mejor sigue as , tienes mi apoyo ?? :3"	2
Does anybody wonder how long it takes for them to make the different maps on Minecraft like the rainbow land?	1
My 6 year old son wanted me to inform everyone that the number 2 video was an elasmosaurus, you're welcome. ??????	2
"I have always used stickerless cubes, from when I learned all through now.  One day a friend and I swapped cubes to see how our times got affected by using each other cubes (I like my cubes fast, he likes them slower).  His main was a stickered cube.  Not only was I turning bad because the cube was slower then I was use to, but the stickers felt so WEIRD.

I just cant use stickered cubes because of the edge on the sticker."	0
The only problem is avoiding eating the first batch while the second cooks. I place my chips on parchment without the dinner plate. I also toss them in oil without rinsing them. My 1100w microwave takes 3 minutes per batch. Also, you can get a variance of 50% with the time required depending on the potato itself. Always keep an eye on it and never assume the time will be the same.	1
"Me preparing for exams be like: 
10% of studying 
90% of watching how to study videos"	1
???? ????? ??? ?????? ?????????	2
Theory: Karl is a creation made by the dev that was supposed to help you but has gone wrong and is trying to hunt the players and scare them	0
All, jokes aside, this series is absolute gold.	2
Thx man you help me alot	2
"""""""""I Respect every one who were involved in this, seriously the best piece that I've ever seen on YouTube, hats off to well all  ! Love your videos  ????????????"	2
"?? *$15,098 BONUS!* ??
? Join Bitget ?? http://cryptozombie.co/BitgetBonus
?? Get Up To *$6,888 BONUS* (Use THIS Link??)
?? Bitget Tutorial: https://youtu.be/SFRkbDz43KE

?? Phemex Bonus ?? http://phemex.com/a/Zombie
?? Get Up To *$4,100 BONUS* (Use THIS Link??) 
?? Phemex Tutorial: https://youtu.be/RUepw4xKZxI

?? ByBit Bonus ?? http://bit.ly/BybitRewards  
?? Get Up To *$4,110 BONUS* (Use THIS Link??)
?? ByBit Tutorial: https://youtu.be/22UuFZhl2HQ 

**Do not trade on any exchange that prohibits trading from your geographical region**

?? Market Cipher Indicator ?? http://cryptozombie.co/MCTrade

?? Trading View Charts ?? https://www.tradingview.com/gopro/?share_your_love=K-DUB

?? Ledger Nano Wallets ?? http://ledger.kdub.co 
?? Ledger Nano X Tutorial: https://youtu.be/zShw2X5lRhs

?? BTC & Altcoin Trading Bot ?? http://3commas.kdub.co
****FREE TRIAL + Get 10% OFF by using link above****

?? Unstoppable Domains ?? http://unstoppabledomains.kdub.co

??Brave Browser ?? https://brave.com/cry542

??? Elrond MAIAR ?? https://get.maiar.com/referral/bvx5tlgd3o 

??? Crypto Zombies FREE Telegram ?? https://t.me/joinchat/E67b8w-hQrMsZebuCC6peg ???

Intro Credit: https://twitter.com/naiivememe/status/1562304501347823616

? *Timestamps:*
0:00 Intro
1:54 Bitcoin Analysis
5:10 Short Squeeze?
6:26 SPX & DXY
7:20 All Eyes On Friday
8:35 PCE Report
9:20 Breaking News
11:23 Tornado Cash/Open Discussion
16:50 Final Thoughts

?? ??? SUBSCRIBE to BACK-UP CHANNEL HERE ?? https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwUDkIXVsfjXnsBylzLEVUw?sub_confirmation=1

Follow me on Twitter ?? http://twitter.com/TheCryptoZombie    

Join The Telegram ?? https://t.me/joinchat/E67b8w-hQrMsZebuCC6peg"	1
How is he writing in Air,  can anyone please tell me the tech used in the shooting of this video	1
one kind of perverse thing is that china has been using way less oil due to the real estate/economic crisis. so if we didn't have one crisis, we'd have potentially an even worse one w/ oil prices. :P yaaaay 2022	0
*I've been listening to a lot of peaceful music, and this is by far the most amazing piece. It instantly took my spirit flying over beautiful oceans and mountains. Thank you for creating this sheer peace itself !!*	2
Other than the fact that its all a giant house of cards (except for BTC), I love crypto!!	2
Frank was a bomb ass album great lyrics with infectious beats and sassy themes. Amy was enjoying her music then and being a musician, the fame and limelight was there yet. After this album the critique and scrutiny awakened her many insecurities I guess. Sigh but what a talent, she was great!!!	2
Bro there is a charging port on the Xbox ??	1
??Couldn't contain my tears at the Jallianwala Bagh scene ?? and the pride you feel when Subhash Chandra Bose appears ?????? Goosebumps!! And when Rani Lakshmibai fought so bravely ???? This tribute is just too beautiful! ????	2
"You did a great job introducing the ""how to learn"" aspect of what I think stumps a lot of intimidated curious learners. Basically, when you explained ""When I saw this I didn't know what it meant, so I googled it."" That is crazily enough, a big lesson to learn.  Just hearing that at least is encouraging me to take my first independent steps to learning this stuff.  So of course, thanks for the video!"	2
THANK YOU FOR FINALLY PUTTING PERSONA 5 ON THE SWITCH, I HAVE BEEN WAITING	2
I missed FPT :( welcome back jon ??	2
"*55:13*
*I'm honestly impressed by the time and effort you put into these videos, Keep it up!*
??"	2
0:09 All mobs are stoped	1
I like how they screamed it's funny??	2
What a life this man's living, while helping those in need of help. Kudos.	2
I can't believe his REACTION at the end, it got WEIRD.. ?? (100K LIKES?!)	0
going straight onto my radio show sunday thanks Joel !!! absolute banger	2
Sou viciada nesse flow. Que delcia de som<3	1
I wonder how many soldiers are now joining the resistance	1
4:39 sperm support? What what? Is that what you get after a pump?	1
I actually like that you keep it real and dont scream and shout. Its gets a bit scripted and I feel some people do it for the younger audience. Which is like the equivalent of offering them candy to get in a van.	2
I used to play chess with my uncles when I was a kid, recently got back into it with my little brother and this video has been very helpful in refreshing my memory	2
one of the reasons I like Gordon is he seems genuinely enthusiastic about cooking, and super happy to teach you what he knows. His vibe isn't 'ooh I'm a fancy chef I know better than you' it's 'cooking is fun! let's do it together! you did something I've never tried? How cool!!'	2
You have earned another subscriber! This is both educational AND funny! You have a very unique way explaining things! This is VERY useful for any science tests or quizzes I have ahead! :)	2
So happy PSYQUIs getting the recognition he deserves	2
This only means one thing...PAMP will go to the moon!!!?????? but for real it is good to see these guys get exposed by orhers in the community that means BTC is losing ground and the truth eventually will come out??	2
I'm getting the Pro. Been using the 12 Pro Max since it came out and I think it's too big for one hand use.	1
Thanks for the inside look into the iPhone 14 Pro Max. I kind of figured that the hardware would be similar to the 13 Pro Max. Hope Apple steps it up with always on display and maybe reverse wireless charging. No point in adding a bigger battery if they wont unleash all the capabilities.	2
Down to earth in spite of his phenomenal rise. Wish him all the best.	2
For my personal budget I grabbed an Xbox series x primarily because of game pass which has been an amazing experience . Hopefully after tax season Ill be able to find a ps5 . The Sony exclusives are the one thing that Im missing on my Xbox but having both of them along with the switch would be a harmony of mathematical precision lol I think all consoles are wonderful in their perspective but together its gamers paradise .	2
*You reading this, you who commented, you who just read through and scrolled, thank you. Hang in there, we're strangers but Im glad you're alive, pull through, okay? You got this!* ??	2
thanks coby for giving some love to badminton, i really love the sport and it feels great that you can shine a spotlight on it once in a while	2
Trap n yella punching the air on that drizzy bar ????????this song snappin	2
Loved the invisible charger, would definitely contribute to keeping my clean.	2
My (Ukrainian) gran fought at Stalingrad on the Soviet side. She had to decode messages to be sent to headquarters in Moscow. Whilst in service, she personally witnessed the surrender of General von Paulus. She also told me that most of the prisoners she saw there were Romanians and Italians as opposed to Germans. God bless her soul: she left us back in 2017 and would be 100 next August.	1
It would definitely revolutionize how science is taught in schools anyway. Whether it is the all in one thing that ties them together, or not. It could be incredibly useful as a learning tool.	2
One of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something. He always respect us, the audience and his team, and he is polite in all his videos. We congratulate ourselves on this achievement. More to come	2
"NY Democrats never cease to amaze me..picking the absolute worst representatives possible. 
Thanks
~Jim Eagle"	0
Hrithik always amaze us with his acting skills.	2
This looks absolutely ridiculous. I'm all for it.	0
I have this on repeat and CANT STOP!!! <3	2
Tate didnt last long at all haha. Please do more of that!	1
I love Apple security, its just one feature that I actually like. Well eventually by a 14 and Ill probably be next year though because I have a lot of birthdays and Christmas is very  close	2
"""Cheney might run for POTUS'. Now that I've finished laughing, all I can say is 'Good Luck with that Liz""."	1
"This is by far the best video regarding graph theory I have seen in my (quite long) life. Extremely clear, extremely accurate and extremely useful. As ""Einstein Newton"" here said 8 months ago, this can be considered the 3Blue1Brown of Computer Science. Congratulations!"	2
Gotta marry a Lady from Ethiopia now?? ,,,amharans. Melting me down fam,,,big ?? from Kenya	2
The Turing machine reminds me of protein synthesis.	1
3 years later still not done another annual baseball battle but still love the content keep it up ??????	2
when everyone thinks its going to be this bad, it won't be this bad!!! We have worried about this for months on end. Germany is ahead of where they want to be with Gas supplies. It is in everyones interest to talk(Russia/Europe) in coming 2 months....watch this space	1
It is going two different directions the miners are already claiming such	1
Am I the only one to who this song makes me feel an indescribable feeling? Feels kinda nostalgic btw	2
I officially have made Pakistan my Number 2 food destination after Uzbekistan....thank you Sonny for keeping us entertained and learned always.....	2
"""Boys need their father's permission to become men"" - School Of Life, April 22, 2016
Deepest quote ever"	1
Thanks 4 the playlist!!!	2
Balto is a legend. His statue in Central Park proves it. He raced the entire length of the last two stops on the modern ididorod without help to get medication for a pandemic that hit Alaska. He ran in a blizzard for 8 hours without rest just to give kids children a chance to survive. A true legend.	2
????????????????? ?? ??? ????? ?? ???????? ???? ???? ????	2
This just gets me more excited at the thought of a TASM3 movie	2
Mmm???????? de k se preocupan? Todos los comentarios k he visto estan en ingles. Eso demuestra k lo pueden hablar, entender y escribir. Pobresitos de los k no sabemos nada de eso. Nombre yo k uds. Feliz estubiera.	1
Spectacularly well done video on fairly complex topics! I'm new to machine learning in general and I want to learn more. I'll be watching your other videos on related topics next. Thank you!	2
Smells like Hikaru vs. Ian finals	1
Hello Mosh, great content, I have a quick question for you, I want to buy your course and learn JavaScript and SQL, do you recommend those two if you want a job in QA Automation? I have been watching Postman API videos as well. Thank you for your time.	2
Comment if you can't even solve a regular Rubik's cube ??	1
I own a series S. Bought it when the X was impossible to find last year and honestly it runs great. Yet to see how next gen gaming truly performs on this thing but I haven't had a single issue with the machine. Load times are waaayy faster than the xbox one s and PS4. Looks great on my 1440p monitor and when upscaling on 4k tv's. Gamepass is great. The hard drive is a bit small for holding s/x optimized games. I use an external for everything else. Stick to performance mode and you will not have any frame rate issues. Lastly, it fits in my backpack if I travel with it. This thing is worth every penny imo.	2
This is honest to god a great lecture and perfect for introducing deep learning! I hope theres another video in the future that shows some light programming.	2
Its so cool to just see how dedicated people are to a single talent.	2
I'm a dentist. Passed my boards years ago and am fully licensed but... man, I feel like a student all over again! This is a phenomenal presentation and a great review! I hope you consider becoming a university professor one day. (I like studying USMLE material to make me a better overall provider - in case you may wonder why a dentist would be on this video).	2
MAY 18, 2022 - 58 YEARS AGO (in 1964), The Animals recorded House of the Rising Sun at De Lane Lea Studios, Kingsway, London. Happy Anniversary and thanks to The Animals for their great version of this song and musical gifts to the world. Please give them a BIG THUMBS UP! ?? ???	2
Thank u this helped me focus studying for biology <3	2
"I usually pick up a book for two reasons, either because I like to see what it would be like to live in a different reality (and that is why I read a lot of fantasy and horror) or because I want to know how it is like to live and think as a certain person or in a certain place and time (for that is when I go to classics and more international literature). Also I totally agree with the ""people should read classics"" thing, it's so cool when you read a classic and finally get this book that keeps being referenced everywhere and you understand why that book has been read for generations."	2
You're so cool. I really look up to you because you're so smart. I really wanted to learn stoichiometry but I couldn't and I had trouble picking it up but thanks to you I have easily learned it! I love the style of your videos and their vibe. Thank you for putting in so much work for us! I love you!!	2
"Better ideas
Get a new mattress, put it on the wood thing.
You also might be thinking, ""How do we get in the fort?"" 
Just lift the matress!
Add An exit door incase someone is lying on the bed or cant get out.
Add a Small ladder that looks like a stair.
Add a mini fridge.
That's all!"	1
Congratulations m4tech for achieving 8 million subscribers	2
This lecture just flew by  always a good sign (for me) and kept me interested throughout  thanks. Love how seemingly unrelated events/discoveries lead to more investigation, experimentation and discovery. Reminds me of that great BBC series Connections.	2
"For example if you're a developer and search for ""Atom"" the search engine will show you the the ""Atom IDE"" instead of biological atom but if you're a biologist, the search engine will show you  the results about biological atom. That's all because of machine learning and histories that search engine has about your interests."	1
I have only had a Rubik's cube for the entirety of my speed cubing journey. I'm finally going to get a good speed cube, but my best time on a regular cube is 40 seconds. It can be improved, I'm sure!	2
When they stop printing money	1
I love that as  part of additional recourses for our sociology class we have these videos. It is also funny how our teacher is always warning us that it's focused a lot on american context. :D Which is true, because from this video it looks like USA has one of the best educational systems, which is deffinetly not true. Here in the Czech Republic compulsory school attendance functions since 1774. Also our entire educational system is free and there is no religon in most schools (public or private). Of course there are many countries that have worse educational system than USA, but I don't think you have the best one. But it's just my opinion, so please don't come at me... :D	2
Thanks for the insight	2
"Nice collection. My cube collection is something like this:

So I started out with a rubik's speed 3x3 (when they were decent for beginners and not louder than an f1 car) but it didn't last very long (I corner cut too much and the entire thing exploded, and some of the pieces went missing)

Then for christmas I got a QiYi megaminx that I still haven't learned how to solve

Then my friend gave me a tiled rubik's 3x3. this was the cube that I leaned to solve on

Then I got a MoYu WeiLong WR (I'm getting an SCS Corner-Edge magnet set and a corner-core magnet set you can get from the cubicle). its a good cube. and until christmas it will probably be my main and depending it my stay as my main longer than that"	1
Incrvel ??, hummm parece delicioso ??????	2
This is amazing, Ive been loving McDonalds my whole life and its been a major vice/problem for me that has not only affected my health but also hurt relationships. Because of your bravery, and mutated physical appearance, I am proud to say McDonalds is ruined for me and I puked in my mouth a little bit watching this.	2
Let's perform it on a positive note. The culture and ecology have to be healthy for starters. Schools have to be safe and secure. It has to be supportive of learning curve for the students. The student must take extreme ownership of the curricula. The subject matters must be based on science. Learning methods must be evidence-based. (Yes, I'm a seasoned STEM teacher by the way).	2
"Here is my feedback:

-I totally got the eureka moments in every level
-It will be easier to automatically grab de magnet
-I got softlocked many times so the restart was nice. I dunno if it will be better for players to get less stuck than the reset
-Initially I thought I should return to the key hub, that made me feel as if the level endings were anticlimactic
-I'll love to move while aiming, it feels more fluent
 -The key as a concept and progress tracker is nice but I don't know how well it fits in the game. The doors weren't like the key type so it doesn't make sense to open them with it, also it's kinda weird to just throw them thru the pipe... maybe a fuse or something that restores the energy will be better
-Maybe it will be nice if the polarity affects the magnet character, for example making the positive smile and the negative sad
-The main character could shine more while aiming, maybe a subtle movement in the eyes following the aim

Overall I loved it and am really thankful that it was free for everyone so I could try it ?"	2
I love that Bruce is learning to cut loose and and not stuck in his stick-in-the-mud ways anymore. That trip to Sakaar certainly did wonders to his self-esteem!	2
Also for the wall facade tip, most logs color match the next darkest plank, oak log=spruce plank, spruce log=dark oak plank, but dark oak log also matches itself	1
The world needs more documentaries like this. More Bill Nye as well!	2
"Very entertaining, one thing amazing about sports are the things that happen that are unexpected.  I remember my wife was given a free ticket to a Diamondbacks game, which went zero/zero so she finally left and when she came home she said ""I got bored with the game"".  The Diamondbacks went on to score seven runs in the last inning after she left, winning the game.  

I teased her endlessly after that, suggesting she should not attend more D-backs games, and they went on to win the world series that year, my wife not in attendance but glued to their last game with the Yankees and Luis Gonzalez base hit that won the game.

I met Joe Montana, and that football season he went on to win his last superbowl, and I saw the ending in French, in Montreal, in '90.   During my flight from SFO to Toronto and the connecting flight to Montreal, our Air Canada pilot gave us updates on a one-sided blowout.

I also will never forget the Stanford/Cal game in 82 and ""The Play"" when Cal beat Stanford, and the band became part of the game.  Some still argue over two of the lateral passes, but the win for Cal was as it was, and I still say, that is among the craziest moments in sports history.

My own crazy moment was when I was called in to play center for our grammar school flag football team, even though I was the smallest player on ours and the opposing team, the school we played had no players above the sixth grade, so I agreed.  We won the game, though I had only played center in school practice and never in a competitive game.  Adrenalin had me psyched, and our QB said I threw perfect spirals.  I would intimidate the bigger players since they feared I'd plow under them and stop them from getting to the QB, and they never did, he was not sacked.

Our team went on to win the Norcal championship, undefeated, in our twelve team league, my brother playing as wide receiver, though I no longer had to play since the school had seventh and eighth graders.  I never went on to play in high school, feeling I was too small to be as good as I was in my grammar school game, where I also played on the defense, and I stuck to distance cycling and golf, both of which I enjoyed and also had many ""crazy"" moments, and I was decent at the 440 as it was then, now the 400 meters.

Even in my early 60's now, and despite a leg I broke badly in a freak accident a couple of years ago, I still enjoy cycling as well as hiking and also laser tag and go kart racing.

On my channel here @Cactus521 I even have a video of me jumping off the Vegas Stratosphere tower when I was 52, though the wind was so fierce my eyes watered, I felt peace, and not fear, on the way down, choosing that vs. skydiving as my free fall bucket list item, since there is no reason to jump out of a perfectly good airplane. ??"	2
?Only for fans over 18 year?? Alles sehr sch?n. Aber zuerst zusammen die Nummern 10 und 1. Eine empr.ONLINE Brnette und eine andere Blondine. Es w?re unfair, wennl ich 4 w?hlen wrde	1
It is good???????	2
Just bought the series S. It looks great, loads fast and plays next gen games. I'll upgrade in a couple years when the series X is easier to find. It's worth it people	2
Great video Shane! Completely Nailed it. As a data scientist myself, I was a little surprised at how high the job satisfaction scores were.  On the job, a lot of my peers find that they aren't challenged enough by their positions. This is probably because data science is still relatively new, and companies are still figuring out how to create value with data teams. The other side of that is that once you have a data science role it is pretty easy to land another data science job so qualified data scientists can just leave if they aren't liking the position at hand. I love seeing the data and trying to map it to what I'm hearing anecdotally!	2
I've had varying work schedules and it was incredibly hard to adjust to night shifts at first mainly because it was hard to find time to hang out with friends and family. This video has taught me that priorities can change. They might take some getting used to, but it showed me that a night job doesn't have to mean no social life.	1
Bro as a Rubiks  cube solver thats just the right algorithm ??	2
His writings are fascinating, he writes in a very vague and distorted way, interpretation is varied and suggestive, half of me believes somewhat the other not so much. One thing you can't deny, he's gotten the attention of millions, 2022 and we're still discussing him.	2
K trap has been on a run for like 18 months since he went independent. Top 5 in the whole uk hands down any genre. My nigga dont miss. Big up my guy Walkz????. We appreciate the content always????????	2
Smurk! Been locked in since 2012 when Keef dropped Bang cant lie proud of you man! You kept going and showed them what theyve failed to see these last 10 years!	2
"Cyberpunk 25 euros en version Ps5 
Et Mtro Exodus pour 7,50 version ps5 galement ????"	1
Lawrence Trent reminds me of Peter OHanrahahanrahan. Leko is trying to analyze and hes rambling about other stuff	1
Very well put. I love how ted talks are short but convey meaningful messages	2
Can we appreciate that this video is about 6 years and still saving lives...	2
Challenge-Idee: Alle aggressiven Mobs fliehen vor dir, w?hrend alle normalerweise friedlichen Mobs dich angreifen.	1
"Begula: Never google this word
Everyone: *Instantly starts googling it*"	1
"""Oh. My. God. Apple is FINALLY! increasing the price of the base iPad and keeping the large bezels on the top and bottom to make sure it is ugly and everyone knows you couldn't afford the iPad Air. This is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!!!"" - Max Tech"	2
Thanks to the whole committee!   And a special thanks to the two Republicans who are serving at great personal losses!   True Heroes!    These people have served to work towards a Real DEMOCRACY.	2
I'm a mechanic learning Python for fun. Love the challenge.	2
Hi Nana, you might want to know that the demo project (MongoDB) no longer works with the latest image. I had to use mongo:3.16, which was the latest version at the time you recorded this video. It might be worth adding a note to your video at 1:19:45 that those following along should use mongo:3.16	0
Even though I'm sensitive to any booger related grossness, it's funny how Mumei told the story to others. But I agree, let's blame that on Gura somehow.	1
Back then the bow had a thicker line and it was so much easier	2
"If you're looking for a paid tutoring service, the one I used was the online version of Prepscholar's test prep! It's the one I've recommended to all of my friends (and already plugged in basically all my videos), and in my opinion it's the prep company that most closely matches the questions and format of the actual SAT. Sign up with this link and I'll also get a commission, which really helps out the channel!
https://shareasale.com/r.cfm?b=1423886&u=3079414&m=91268&urllink=&afftrack="	2
"#1 Advice: Don't try making ""real"" games at first. Build up confidence with small throwaway/exploratory projects with a ""I'm just learning"" mindset(really important)."	1
In my opinion the greatness of Apples design language came from the combination of Ive and Jobs - they kind  of needed each other as sparring partners. The post jobs era lacked a lot of innovative design ideas 	2
"FYI: also 
Anand started learning chess from age six from his mother, but he learned the intricacies of the game in Manila, where he lived with his parents from 1978 through the 1980s while his father was contracted as a consultant by the Philippine National Railways."	1
I have never seen Levi that well-behaved	1
"Hi all ~ expecting some questions so linking this q&a for your reference! https://youtu.be/C_PH8PdtZsE

Will also be taking & collecting questions on Instagram so lets connect there ?? https://instagram.com/julia.fei?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y="	2
I have a SAT in 10 days and I have not prepared that much. Please pray for me ????	1
It was an amazing session Vivek Sir. Khan Sir is a really down to earth personality. Highly inspiring ??	2
Amanda crosta enaltecendo a Globo , colocando a globo como a melhor do mundo . Ela n?o cansa de passar vergonha... Fa?a perguntas sobre governo	1
Good series ??	2
Jimmy turned our childhoods into reality this guy is a legend.	2
"Namaste Sir, that was a really informative video. Actually a lot of professors from IITs also have quoted this issue of growing 'false love' among students for Data Science & AI. The whole crux is that these things are just merely tools to solve research problems in other domains and thus making computational easier. Just like a bridge which connects two islands. Most people do not understand this logic and hence go forward in this career because it is in ''demand"". You have demystified many myths via this video ??.
Also Sir, what is your take on pursuing advance degree in Nanotechnology because am an ECE student and really interested to do research in this area."	1
It just gets even better the more you listen!	2
I'm a college student wanting to explore this field. You're been a great help. I'd love to watch ur videos on the breakdown of the buzzwords...ml, ai, deep learning, neural networks etc... btw loved the video.	2
22:40 best part????????	2
Had to give this a like off the first clip alone lmao. Y'all should do more like that where someone gets kicked and reappears on the other person's account	1
Youre interview packet that I purchased from your website helped me study for a interview I had on Friday. I got the job! I start in January. Your material was worth the money.	2
Would it be possible to make sure that the player's board + eval bar is never removed from the screen? There's a lot of times where we're showing the analysis board, and the 4 faces of the players/commentators, and that's terrible for me because I can't see what's happening in the real game, what the current eval is, and do my own thoughts. Plus there's really no need to see all 4 faces and not see the board	0
"Great!.... I really like this video.
Every animal is interesting and amazing!"	2
Congrats on 700k!! I can't believe how fast you're growing I'm very proud of you. ??	2
Thanks for Having me!	2
Thank you! I was having a hard time fixing my laptop, but now it works WAY better than before. This helped out a lot.	2
Hi guys! We hope you're enjoying this doc. We wanted to let you know that we've released a new video just in time to celebrate the 51st anniversary of the first moon landing, if that's your cup of tea! ???? https://youtu.be/nEI-3c1Pax4	2
"RATHSASAN .....GOOSEBUMPS........
This movie need appreciation....."	2
That Baby powder made outta BAAAYbees? Has to be one of the best delivered lines of all time.	2
I'm bored of the Trump reality-show. Can we skip ahead to the part where he's in jail, and fading from memory?	0
It's truly mind-blowing to know how far we've come and how we've become the dominant species on Earth in such a short amount of time. Considering how advanced we've become technologically, it seems almost impossible to think that we are also animals. Evolution is truly amazing!	2
"10:00  ,  ?? 

,    ?"	1
"Jimmy: gives a ghost 10k and 20k to give them a nightmare for offering 
Chris: There a ghost"	1
?? ??? ?????? ? ??????	1
When people who eat a lot of sugar did this: *screams	1
"Q: How did the Vikings send secret messages?
A: Norse code."	1
Watch interviews with Jay-Z, Tracee Ellis Ross, Pete Davidson and more on the New Season of Hart to Heart Streaming Now on Peacock: https://pck.tv/3AdrWFY	1
Brilliant analysis of the different things to watch for on the different time frames. Good to see everyone feels the same way when they lose money, everyone thinks they could do this or that with that money which is as good as gone, instead people refuse to seek help from professionals, Edward Joseph James set to be different and unique, I made about $470k already  from his day tradng, all i did was to copy his daily signals, am done having heart breaks hodling and trading myself lol.	1
I think I'm speaking in name of every one here when I say: we need more videos, Jerry. We love your videos.	2
"Terrific Parimal
BFSI is anyway ur forte so such a high quality insight is given.."	2
My comfort food is maggi..being an indian I literally grew up eating it..you can just eat it anytime..every indian loves it	2
I always love your videos since I was a kid	2
If this doesnt show how disgusting, spoiled, and wasteful we are as a society, I dont know what does.	0
T?t c? boss ?c c?p nh?t susano v?i c? kill susano ?c lu?n cu?n tr?c ? a ????????	1
"I'm a teacher in New Zealand and VARK was covered in my teaching degree 17 years ago. We did questionaires to determine the order of our preferences, but we were told to try and cover all these aspects in our teaching, ie try and give the children a verbal aspect, and an auditory aspect, and a reading aspect, and a kinaesthetic aspect. That sounds more like the multi-modal approach you described. I remember I came home very excited about it and suggested to my wife that she do the questionnaire as well. She looked at it and said ""I don't want to read all that, can't you read it to me?"""	2
"Thank you for watching!

Intro 00:00
This bitcoin price prediction played out almost perfect 00:25
Bitcoin and stock market 1:00
Bitcoin halving 1:45
BTC Pattern of 3 Events 5:00"	2
"imagine hearing this when you're 13 and you think its about actual animals..

man that was the good times."	0
So I decided to Google myself the other day, not because of my ego but I heard that theres a possibility that the company I applied for Googles their employees often. The first thing that comes up when you search my name is the place I volunteered for almost 4 years and a college campus that I didnt attend. Does anybody have a similar problem? And if so how do you fix this?	0
I was totally shocked that Fusion power generation wasn't included - possibly as big a leap as quantum computing in its impact on humanity.	0
Thank you for this video. This is extremely helpful as I am currently applying to data science and quantitative analytics positions.	2
I love this, it gets straight to the point	2
Finally! A Chess 2! Its taken literal centuries!	2
"""The Hole"" was where mob boss John Gotti would put dead bodies to make sure they where never found."	0
Ye company kis city main hai. 98,000/- cost for all 3 machines.	1
"Loving this video!
Point 5 - Hello! ?? Aged 39 and I moved back in with my mum in order to start a new career. At first, I felt a little ashamed of doing this, but the reality is wonderful. Spending time with my mum after many years of being 'busy.' She is very supportive of my goals and my rent is cooking lunch and dinner every day (which I love!)

Point 6 too - yes! So easy to look for crappy purchases to bring joy to life, when in reality it's just the thrill of the purchase and delivery, then the object sits in the cupboard gathered dust.

Fab video, thanks for the reminders ????"	2
2:18 This guy went through so much in so little time. I feel bad ????	0
Tip #1 cant be stressed enough, I spent my first year learning courses on coursera and udemy, thinking Id get into game design once Im ready. That day never came, no matter what I learned I never felt ready yet. Then one day I just started working on my project and said Id learn new things where I needed to. Honestly doing things this way made me progress faster than any course ever has	2
Despite suffering severe sell-off in the face of uncertainties in the macro landscape<, BTC ebbing tide seems to be subsiding with key metrics suggesting the cryptocurrency is poised to come ahead. Ark invest recently pointed out the 200 weekly moving average, a key indicator that is signaling BTC could soon reclaim its lost glory. I buy and just trade long term more than ever, I have made over 1.5` btc from trading with Ruby Benally Crypto in few weeks this is one of the best medium to backup your assets incase it goes bearish.	2
????	2
so nice that at the end Levon and Jan walked together to talk to Svene. Great sportsmanship, something Hans should learn from	2
WELCOME BACK CHERRY I MISSED YOU SO MUCH AHHHH ??????????????	2
Shilpa Shetty's Acting was phenomenal! Her role had comic flair with emotional strength.	2
Shes so well spoken and so elegant yet down to earth. I see why JB married her. She referred to him as my husband which was very classy as well. She didnt name drop her husband. What a gem of a woman.	2
The echidna just walking around is absolutely freaking adorable	2
Wft I love this remix ?	2
"Dickens's genius was in bringing characters, and physical objects to life. He was not being ""seductive"" he was making us relive his experience and making  people and places come to life. No one will ever forget Miss Havisham's wedding cake, the character of Bill Sykes, or Mr Micawber. Once you encounter the scenes and objects and characters of his novels you never forget them."	2
"Me: came here for business ideas
Elon Musk: Neurological computers, genetics and electric aircraft.
Me: Guess I'll stick to selling things on ebay."	1
"This is so wonderfully made :) 
Hope this could become a series and will include the history of the FIDE, openings, schools of thought, international tournaments, ratings, title etc. Thanks again!"	2
"Me: listens to this while trying to write an essay and feels like Im getting a lot done.
Also me: just shakes to the rhythm like crazy and gets nothing done."	1
He really be changing people lives love this guy	2
Ive just recently started watching your channel and its amazing! I love how straight forward and honest your videos are! I think Im most excited for the 14 Pro Max and seeing the notch go away!	2
The channel has been getting some very good guests on recently. Well done folks.	2
All Alia videos manage to make me laugh also they also use satellites for pictures ????	2
This exactly what I was needing ?? I'm so stressed at work I've been wanting to watch some ASMR. However I couldn't find any good makeup video and I've watched yours so many times already! I am so thanksfull for this new video, this is my favorite kind of asmr ??	2
Iceman made Cornell! Sweet. Can't wait to see uncharted but I was really hoping for somebody else playing the main character.	2
Scammers/bots are getting much worse!! They are using my name and logo in comments to trick you. DO NOT EVER send money to someone from the comments or DMs. Be careful! ??	0
"Der Wolf h?tte ihn aber auch festnageln k?nnen, dass er es erkl?ren soll, wo hier der Spielraum der Interpretation besteht.
W?re doch interessant gewesen, wie er es erkl?rt h?tte."	1
Daemon Targaryen aka the Rogue Prince is the best Targaryen in the lore of ASOIAF, and I can't wait for yah to see more of him. An we all should take some time to praise Matt Smith for his portrayal of the character, because it's nothing short of perfection. The show runner's hit it out the park with the casting for all of these characters in this prequel.	2
The darker wood underwater technique also works well for showing stepped on vs unused stairs, for instance.  And for paths across rock, substitute cobble and gravel to show the wear.	2
Such a good episode. Thorfinns voice reached all of us man	2
What is your favorite animal? ????	1
"I've had both iPhone and Android and one of the key factors of me deciding to stay with iPhone was that you can always rely on them to put their newest iOS on every device. The only company that can use iOS is also Apple, so there's not 5 different companies doing their own thing and its up to you to figure out which Android device is best. Additionally, Apple may be ""late to the party"" with certain things, but when they finally come out with a new product or feature you know it's going to work significantly better than the competition. Apple may be more costly, but I'd rather pay more and have a good experience than to have a phone that is unreliable and save money that would probably get wasted on something anyway."	2
Greg is legit the definition of the lights are on but nobodies home	0
We need to see what man can do to man. Children who were viewed as mentally deficient were wiped out by the Nazi regime among others who didn't fit an Aryan profile. It happened then and can happen again. So many atrocities still go on to this day.	0
Yung Berg always was underated af, He deserved much More success.	2
There is nothing impossible to him who will try. - Alexander the Great	2
Just because it was designed in Tokyo doesnt mean it has to drift	1
Informative, specific and practical guidance. Excellent video. Thank you.	2
"""You'll stop worrying that someone will reject you because you'll never reject yourself.""  That is brilliant! Well done!!!"	2
Bildirim gelmiyor hi? bir ?ekilde youtube dan o yzden s?k?ld???mda dc ye bakt???mda ve duyuru k?sm?nda video g?rnce gelen mutluluk hissi	1
I think the economic crisis has already affected crypto. I just hope that the crypto market will be able to separate itself at least a little from the global crisis and begin to grow, because I still want to see the result of the invested usdt.	1
at 10:26, does anyone notice the Elite controller case doing a flip and landing perfectly back in the sleeve?	1
I think its a good game but not all games need to have new stuff all the time.	2
"Great insight man. Trying to make sense of the crypto market structure can be pretty daunting for a complete noob investor. Regardless of the market disposition, what's most attractive is the possibility of making portfolio changing returns. 	I was opportune to meet Stacy Huth and her exceptional knowledge of the market saved me from inherent losses and have so far earned me over 14 BTC in the last quarter. What a time to be alive indeed"	2
This was the perfect background music to get a work presentation done, thank you!! ??	2
If you subscribe you could be in one of these videos one day :)	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin Babes.18kissx.Uno
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genia"	1
This is the type of content that really deserves money, amazing job MrBeast	2
Stephen's face after Gaga said she was assaulted made me tear up, and then Gaga's absolute spot on description of trauma made me burst into tears.	0
According to New leaks prices will be same as 13 line up for 14 no 100 dollars is raised	1
1 wrong move and it's all gone.	0
When Stebin Ben sings it feels there's music is in the air ????	2
I'm not a fan of singers on AGT but Sarah is just so bad ass! This girl is a superstar in the making. The look, the voice, and the talent are all there.	0
We need Chandler together with Jimmy & Chris on this channel more often!	2
There's a witch with ashen hair fluttering in the wind, flying in the air on a broom. Who is this beauty, as pretty as flowers who makes even the summer sun want to shine brighter? That's right! It's me!	2
I love this song so much it is amazing	2
Thutmose III is one of the most interesting figures of the Bronze Age. He spent about as much time on military campaigns as any leader you can think of, and he was typically quite successful.	2
My teacher hates this song	0
I finally solved this cube after ive been having it for 4 years! July 25, 2022. Thank you so much for being an amazing guide for this cube, Robbie!	2
Thank you for this report, well done and very helpful.	2
David was my motivation not to give up ever. Not that long ago I was working on a farm and listening his ccna courses. Today I'm managing 6 production servers and complete industrial network infrastructure, and got involved in the software development as c# dev. Only by folowing one rule, that tomorows myself shall be proud of today's myself. Thank you David.	2
I always love Tingmans video not just due to its high quality, but also that its very wholesome ??	2
"The best explanation of convolution in few minutes.
??"	2
The result is better than what was expected.  Arsenal are performing better than anticipated.  The next actual challenge is Villa.  Not Man U.	2
Your explanation is really good and content wise excellent sir. Thanks for sharing your videos and roadmaps and End2end explanation interview point of view .	2
Quick idea: the player is able to construct a mastership between islands with customizable elements that she/he can bring back from exploration.	1
"While the Steam Deck's performance handling these AAA games is impressive I'd really like to see more content creators focus on other aspects. The Steam Deck is a fantastic way for first timers to try PC gaming and it really has so much more to offer.
Where I feel it really shines is the extensive catalog of lesser known, smaller, and past titles.
(Basically pick any random, old, game and it will likely allow settings comparable to the rerelease/remaster releases that you have to wait for and pay extra on console. Older games often look much better on smaller screens too. So many should be fantastic on that little thing.)"	2
What a journey! Hard work always pays off, thanks for sharing and motivating us all!	2
Very good movie thank you for sharing ??	2
Why do people write, we do people paint, why do people do anything. It's for the same reasons today.	0
This is one of my favorite blogging videos to film every year ??  Hope you enjoy & happy blogging!!	2
2022 still an awesome song perfect for getting in the party mood before heading out ??	2
The market seems really interesting now. I think it may go even lower, and I'll accumulate some more USDT before that happens to be ready.	2
I SO appreciated this video because, as a literary multi-genre novelist, I've been feeling like the odd man out. I've been told that my work will be appreciated after I'm dead, but that gives me little comfort. However, it's good to know that there really is no consensus on what constitutes literature, good or otherwise. SUBSCRIBED	2
I love how theyre so kind they dont judge their acting like others	2
You mean Putin DIDN'T tell the truth??  I'm utterly shocked..  I mean NOONE saw that coming, did they? lol	0
Did you like what Xbox had to show at Gamescome?	1
OOOH ! IT IS SO GOOD TO SEE THE NEW IN-WORLD CHARACTER'S SPRITES ! also some of the latest decors look soo insane ?? you and clement did such a great job ??	2
So good to see these two great actors in this in their aged years.  Really good film I hadnt seen before. Thanks!  Kirk Douglas still rode a horse good!!	2
11 years passed already, time flies. She was so authentic and genuine, full of the special talent, rest in peace Amy ??	2
As someone with Ulcerative Colitis, I'm glad to see gastrointestinal issues being put on the spotlight. As well as a specialist educating people on this. Taking care of yourself before it becomes chronic is key!	2
Wow , best SAT grammar video ive ever watched ... All these things mentioned in the video have indeed helped me a lot for the SAT writing section ... keep it up bro.	2
BR????. ASMR muito God	1
Watching the DXY's huge red candle fall from the skies is going to be like watching Sauron's tower fall in the cinema for the first time. I will be watching it on tradingview with popcorn (sweet and salty ofc)	2
.why wasnt the great oxidation event included on this list? The worst extinction event that killed off close to all prior anaerobic microscopic forms of life.	0
Caraca.. muito legal..muito mesmo.. kkk valeu e um abra?o adorei..????	2
imagine if his sister bought a snakes and ladders boards instead	1
I am all for a series S plus having a disc drive and more storrage. Must buy.	2
The fact that yall voted for this man is unbelievable	0
This is an interesting video. This is like a math version of the Alphabet. Can you do the PUTNAM problems?	2
"He's not younger. This was 2021. He's was 27 at the time. Same as Stranger and Fly Away.
This is an original composed version of Ave Maria by Igor Krutoy per Dimash's request. It does share some similarities with the Caccini composition and might have been the inspiration.
Some have posited that because Igor is Jewish and Dimash is Muslim, they may have opted to forego the lyrics for this reason, which would make sense. Again, I don't believe that has been confirmed by either one."	1
We have not got freedom for free.  Thousands of known and unknown heroes sacrified their lives to give us freedom..  My salute to them..  ??	2
I love how Jimmy is so happy to give people money	2
"So many people who had so many dreams that died when the Titanic sank. Such a tragedy. It is fascinating reading about the Titanic and the decadence on the ship. One of my boys was a huge fan of Boy George. Thanks for this review of ""This Day""."	2
"Question: 
What happens of this is done over naturally generated water?
The sea etc.
Does it blend with or is it above it?"	1
Its great to hear from a great professor views  on empathy, humility, encouragement and  how everyone can become great. Really appreciate it !!	2
I remembered seeing rubiks impossible in Walmart I thought it was just a scrambled cube but then I realized:	1
Tati, I will watch ANYTHING YOU DO!! Im totally checking out Ole! That eye cream is calling my name! Im patiently waiting for the hour long live! ????????	2
As someone who graduated with a Bio degree i truly wish he was a professor at my school. His natural excitement and passion for science is infectious and I feel like he wouldve made microbio so fun ????	2
Another fun video ??	2
The difference between a senior and junior data analyst: how well youre able to formulate your question on stack overflow. Perhaps I should make a video about this.	1
"In my experience, burnout comes from realizing that improved performance doesn't produce improved rewards, it produces more work. The response to a job well done is never a couple days off or a timely bonus, instead good work is ""rewarded"" with the demand for twice as much work in the same amount of time. Firms see young workers as a productivity sponge to be squeezed for all it's worth, young people are almost never treated as the company's future."	0
The funny part about biology is that everyone pronounces everything differently	1
???????	2
This is so amazing!!! I love how peaceful this was to listen to! Thanks so much!	2
Dude, this is so chill. Sometimes I like to go out on my roof and just listen to this. Its relaxing. Have a good time, whatever youre doing, and take care of yourself. Youre loved, remember that.	2
Husband and I went to the Green Knight movie on a whim, not knowing what it was about.  We both absolutely loved it.  Thank you for reminding me about it, I want to read the story now!	2
Number one Lil Durk is and always be untouchable. And he is real he doesn't need to explain because nba is wrong .Both are powerful artist and I hope they can squash it	1
"Answer: 
1.The weighted sum of the inputs is calculated (B)
2.The bias is added (A)
3.The result is fed to an activation function (D)
4.Specific neuron is activated (C)"	1
Ac odyssey un des meilleur assassins creed ??	0
chandlers appraising was more accurate than the ''professional''	1
Damn man I'm seeing physics face he changed damn I haven't watch you in 1 year	0
this kid was lucky to have this happen with you and your friends, Im 99% sure if it had been someone else they would've just jumped him ??	2
The son of the owner was very well spoken and respectful. I really loved how he was honest with his dad but also showed a caring side as well.	2
the attention to detail is unmatched. the background noise, the safety demonstration, EVEN THE CUPS WERE LIKE AEROPLANE CUPS!!	2
"""It can't penetrate and come into it"" Hank likes his biology hardcore. "	1
It's awesome to see such a young woman with this effort to change the world. The hate that flows on the comments below just shows how deep her argument are going, disturbing those who feels personally offended by women with this behavior in face of life. And this is great, because this hatefull coments shows people's face, people who is hided behind a keyboard and that needs to be seen, so that the good ones can target them and avoid unreasonable discussions. Thanks, Emma!	2
"*CORRECTION* AT 1:27 the graph says ""Quinary System"" but then the graph shows 10 possible states - which is actually decimal. Technically, there should be only 5 possible values there, but the overall concept is still the same. NOTE: Since we can't use annotations in our videos going forward if we find any smallish errors in our videos like this we'll leave clarifications in the episode description. Thanks all for the wonderful feedback! -brandon"	2
Fun fact. Greeks were not Christians before Christ existed. Too many churches in this episode.	1
Big fan of your without a plan videos. Crazy day and honestly, just couldnt focus on even watching ASMR but this got me and relaxed me. Can always count on Kelly.	2
The producers are so good at finding people from a location who are excellent cultural ambassadors for their country, city, village, or tribe.  Sonny has a knack for cross-cultural communication, but the individuals and families that host him at their tables are remarkable people.	2
4:50:50 Best move of the tournament.	2
So heart touching. Love the amazing work that goes into your content. Always respect for you Jimmy	2
Great win, few more hit 7000,  ?? well played Roshtein... cheers ??	2
Not only is he crazy passionate and knowledgeable about biology, he's also called Thor. How much cooler can this guy get??	2
Just a reminder: for older motherboards or cost-cut motherboards, if you have a CPU with iGPU or onboard graphics solution, even if you have a graphics card there is a good chance that it will default to the motherboard's graphics solution first and you will need to configure the BIOS to use the external graphics for pre-boot display. This has become less common, but is still important to remember.	1
React to this Pak Dissolving CPEC authority Finally | Big Jolt to China | Geopolitics - Geo economics | UPSC	1
Im proud to be the big dog Warden.	2
As a real witch, complete with all of my spell books and tarot cards, I think its absolutely hilarious how the witch paraphernalia that he was burning was just Maleficent and Harry Potter merchandise. Lmao	2
I will say, the CGI is looking a whole lot better, actually made the show feel more interesting. Props to the teams working on it!	2
"the ending is like: ""dont worry girl, i got this."""	2
Jaesa tum bol rahe ho ayesa hi himmat bjp ke liya dikha do	1
Can you do a map of all simple groups in abstract algebra? That would be awesome	2
Hey cherry i really like ur vids they make me laugh	2
If you're not doing anything wrong, you definitively have something to fear. It's not paranoia when they're actively looking for something to accuse you of.	0
ilove this song??????	2
I love that crash course doesn't only teach biology, but finds a way for me to care for biology	2
This game should work 140% better based on graphics showcase. Devs nowadays are a joke with optimisations lol	2
Can we do more to make College cheaper rather than give away government money to bloated universities?	1
What nobody is talking about is, The leads.  When a search warrant is presented to a judge, the affiant explains exactly what theyre looking for and where to find it.  The person or persons (or tipster/s) on this sealed affidavit has intimate knowledge of what could be found, taken and where it could be located in that super-secure, gigantic complex of mar-a-lago.  Was it a close personal lawyer?  Ivanka or Jared? Melania?  Wesselberg?  Eric? Don Jr?  Or Donald himself as part of a pending plea dealSomebody was pressed out big time to give away the information used in the statement of probable cause.  And I wonder what charges are pending for those people as well.	1
"I listen to Lofi at night. It gives me so much peace and takes me back to when i was 13 and fell in love for the first time. This innocent love, the butterflies in your stomach and the late night giggles on the phone. I really miss being this young and stress free. I always dreamt about being older, having a good job, a great man on my side and just being happy with life. 

I am now 23 and life did not come out as i expected. However, i wouldn't want to miss out on a single day. I am still excited for what is about to come. Hopefully i will find the love i deserve, the peace i need and the happiness i want. ????"	2
Thats it. This is the last thing I really needed! Im going to start my VR dev journey. Thankyou for the inspiration	2
you make me feel motivated to make another game that i will never finish	1
Hello dear chill music friends ?? i wish you all a good time! Stay healthy all together!!! ????????	2
"""I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it"" - Voltaire"	1
"04:20 - Avr, sum, min, max
16:45 - IF formula
29:15 - absolute cell reference (its something with $)
38:47 - something about printing
39:37 - Gradebook
46:05 - conditional formating
49:37 - OR formula
53:00 - Chart
57:24 - Decision maker
01:04:43 - Sales report
01:07:57 - text to columns
01:13:07 - sumif
01:16:04 - sort and filter
01:19:15 - pivot tables
01:23:15 - Car database
01:24:22 - import a text file into excel
01:27:57 - wrap text
01:28:06 - right, mid and left formulas
01:30:07 - Lookup Table
01:33:51 - part 2 of 3?
    01:34:28 - mid
01:41:01 - Y2K bug Year 2000 bug
01:45:33 - part 3 of 3
01:46:44 - concatenate formula
01:49:16 - upper
01:56:40 - something
01:57:31 - Problem Solvers"	1
"Not even kidding, I had a flat tire and the guy from the company rolled up looking pretty close to this. I almost peed my pants. He saw my reaction and I can tell you he was one of the kindest people I have ever encountered. He said you should see peoples reaction when I have to change tires at night.I am grateful the company gave him a job and a chance.  He turned his life around and was doing something for his kids. I gave him the fattest tip and Im truly blessed that we had that encounter. 
I hope this guy stays on the right track, too!"	2
GPlay dobijemy do 80 tysi?cy subw	1
Important to note theres 10 adult dragons under targ control, but theres also unhatched and juvenile dragons and also some wild dragons just chilling on dragon stone. So in total there should be around 17 alive in this period.	1
I also know that	1
"""She was my life, she filled my soul, she was part of my heart.""

All this coming from a 8 year old? I'm 11 years old, and I don't even have a friend that's a girl."	0
It must be basic as hell for comp scientists or philosophers but this was fascinating.	2
39:19 is my favorite part its just so chaotic and Cynthias face ??	2
I'm so glad I stumbled upon this. You are amazing! This was very pleasant and easy to follow. I learned a ton and I especially like that you took us through your thought process while examining the music data set, too. Thank you very much! Subscribed.	2
You are the professor a student imagines getting in University. Thankyou for your support	2
Just wanna tell you guys keep going. Your show is entertaining, educating and fun to watch. You guys are living my dream. Props and rock on	2
Tim you should post more about machine Learning. Also please try to make a video on how to use the model for production. It will be really helpful!	2
N?o faz sentido, de fato, trocar o 13 pelo 14. Eu to muito tentado a pegar um 14 max por que gosto de tela grande e meu iPhone atual  um 11 de 256 que ainda me atende tranquilo mas quero passar para frente. A unica coisa que reclamo  que a Apple poderia pelo menos colocar tela 90hz nos iPhones normais, 60hz sem flutua??o na taxa de atualiza??o consome mais bateria, seria um negocio legal, mas parece que eles querem  que a galera toda v no pro.	1
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
"Im here to calm my nerves. Ill be having an interview in like 45 minutes.

Edit: I got the job!"	2
Having money doesnt necessarily make you happy but not having money will make you miserable	0
1:47 amazing laugh xD this one made me crack up too xD	2
I like all videos about triplets!! ??????	2
Buddy actually made the police laugh their asses off.	1
Maturity is when you realise lakshay is increasing his quality content day by day ??	2
I am from India and genuinely this co-host is such a respectful person..her energy is such a blast.. loved her.. and as always, This is a best food review show ever..??	2
she makes 10000 times more sense than my professor, who didnt explain anything and just started writing equations on the board.	2
Hey everyone!! Wanted to make a video that we could easily teach you lightroom and get you going, or refer to from time to time as a quick refresher! Love you guys a ton and i honestly hope this helps anyone & everyone out there looking to get better at editing photos! I cant wait to see what you guys can do after this! Feel free to leave any future videos you want to see in the comments, and ill add em to the list!! Have a great sunday!!! - Sawyer	2
Ty dolla really does his thing on every feature ????	2
??? ?????  ??? ???? ??? ??????	1
Buena musica has hecho el mejor trabajo es increble sigue hasi	1
"Erin: ""They bite you! They bite you!"" 
Me: *is relaxed and sleepy*.

ASMR is weird sometimes"	0
Respect for putting in all that edit work!	2
I like how you included the parents in the background when she howls ??	2
This playlist helped a lot while I was studying :)) Thanks for doing this!! You are amazing!!!	2
"How to avoid drama:
Step 1: dont use twitter at all, just delete the app.
Step 2: Live a happy drama-free life!!"	1
The common refrain is to use temp assets to prototype gameplay and systems, so that you don't waste time remaking assets if systems demand it. It sounds like for solo devs accepting that risk is worth the boost in confidence that having art first grants.	1
Mitrovic heads it with accuracy and pace like a shot with his foot.	1
Iwata and Reggie were the souls of Nintendo, they embodied why every Nintendo fan loved Nintendo (myself included) every other gaming platform at the time just felt like they were shoving shit down your throat, but when Nintendo was showing off stuff it was like they were popping into your living room to show you the stuff theyve been working on and were so proud of it, but when they left, all that soul of the company left with them, Ill always be a Nintendo fan, but that doesnt mean theyre at the best were I think they can be	2
"Get Early Access to Videos and be the first to comment ? http://bit.ly/BestEverPatreon
Follow on Instagram for more fun food videos! @BestEverFoodReviewShow"	2
"2:07:13 ""OMG!! ... Why?!?!""   We were treated to David's rare voice of emphatic, unequivocal, disapproval for Duda's breach of David's most cherished endgame-principle, ""Do Not Rush""!!  ????  3:09:58 Rook endgames!!"	1
BOTW is also gonna be nostalgic ??	2
It's great to see Hulk jumping again	2
If you decide to brush a cat's teeth, a fencing mask is highly recommended.	2
Hi Jatz, thank you for another valuable video. Question: What if Amazon tells me to request for an approval to list a product? This is after step where I search over ASIN number and choose condition of the product. It tells me to attach invoice for at least 10 items so it means I have to have the product already bought in order to proceed with any listing.	2
The real definition of talent, hats off to this man , master at his work	2
My old dog Spike. He was been dead for 5 years.  But I found an old satellite image of an area (public park) where I always would take him on walks. When I zoomed in, I knew it was him and me walking. RIP Spike! Miss you my brother!	1
I will forever acknowledge this channel with the help of your lessons and ideas explanations, Now It's quite helpful while you'll just sit at your comfort and monitor your account Growth.	2
12:42    -   XD	1
15 tries, 3 meltdowns, and 1 cry of happiness later, I have officially solved my first Rubik's Cube!	2
"Pakistan Tourism owes a great deal to you for revealing hidden gems such as Hunza Valley. 
Greetings from India"	2
Well if he ever was in a relationship at least hes honest, hes not climbing into any portal to save you ??	1
"Hey Tony,
Long time subscriber. 
Thank you for all of the content you and Chelsea continue to produce. I know this video is a few months old, but would you consider doing a video comparing the camera picture profiles. I am very interested in HLG for Sony and its uses in the real world as well as in the editing booth. At the very least, are you aware of any resources for LUTS that help convert back to rec.709?"	2
bro the way he got so angry when his friend told the truth LMAO	0
??? ?? ??? ??? ?? ? ?? ???? ?? ?? ??? ?????. ???? ?? ???? ?? ???? ??? ??? ???? ???? ???? ???? ?? ??? ???? ?? ??? ?? ??? ? ?????.	1
Congratulations on 100M, well deserved??	2
holy guacamole that was amazing. easily one of the best documentaries I've ever seen. PLEASE do more about chrss history. It's what the chess community needs to realize this game isn't just Magnus and supercomputers finding the best moves, but actual styles of play and players that for so long determined the game	2
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
Hewan good ????	2
Love it! ??	2
Even though you should be enjoying the game didnt let you by leaving 2 cubes behind ??	0
As for the spinning jump game, the voices from the people behind the wall will have less compare to the voice without the wall. With that alone it will be very easy to figure out.	1
When I was a kid in the early 90s you could still write a sloppy hand written 4 page letter with crayon drawings and send it to Nintendo of America and they would immediately write you back answering every single question you had no matter how dumb it was, and complementing your crappy drawings in detail. I think my Dad might still have some of their response letters in his desk. Those days are long gone.	0
the long nails and head scratching with the fluffy cover was amazing! would definitely love more of this :)	2
Seeing such a smooth, colorful and professional tutorial I guess anyone would fall in love with coding. Mosh you're the best in creating courses. ??	2
I just recently lost my Grandparent, this song really reminded me of her. I remember doing everything with her that can explain it all in one song. This song really does help me get out of bed, bless her.	2
"I bought an old tractor to help clear the land I was building on. ""Stick with me."" 
I was towing a large log when I felt the back of my leg getting wet. No problem on the front of my trousers thank goodness. Turned out that a large sick had punctured one of the rear tires (tyres) 
Apparently it was fairly common practice to half fill the rear tyres (tires) with water to improve traction due to the added weight. Maybe sealant would be a better idea. Expensive though.
Love the show guys"	2
Amazing documentary. Things like this always blows my mind and enables me to think widely. And at the end of a topic when I learn something new and astonishing I cant help but smile bcs these are so amusing. Also huge respect to the scientists who are able to think and invent and see the world is such different perspectives. They inspire me a lot	2
I was demoted from Vinns for no reason. Vinns deserved this.	0
I am a teacher and a learner and the way you explain such a complicated and abstract concepts like classes, functions, and methods, is outstanding. Great teaching skills!	2
As a brit we definitely do not cook like her. Cheese cake is one of the first things I was taught to make as a child. No stove or oven needed????	0
"Wulzy: ""5 pounds on paypal""
Wolvez, immediately: ""WE'RE EATING GOOD TONIGHT""

i feel that"	1
Go to https://bit.ly/3Bo4vh9 and use code HMW to get 15% off ClickUp's massive Unlimited Plan for a year! Start reclaiming your time for less than $5 a month. Hurry offer ends soon.	2
I'm leaving this comment here so after a month or a year when someone likes it it'll remind me this song again. ??	2
"Me estoy aprovechando de ti esta noche
Cazarte, comerte vivo
Como animales, animales
Como animales-mals
Tal vez pienses que puedes esconderte
Puedo oler tu esencia desde millas
Como animales, animales
Como animales-mals
Beb soy

Entonces, ?qu intentas hacerme?
Es como si no pudiramos parar, somos enemigos
Pero nos llevamos bien cuando estoy dentro de ti
Eres como una droga que me esta matando
Te cort por completo
Pero me pongo tan alto cuando estoy dentro de ti

S, puedes empezar de nuevo, puedes correr libre
Puedes encontrar otros peces en el mar.
Puedes fingir que est destinado a ser
Pero no puedes alejarte de mi

Todava puedo orte hacer ese sonido
Tirndome rodando por el suelo
Puedes fingir que fui yo pero no

Beb, me estoy aprovechando de ti esta noche
Cazarte, comerte vivo
Como animales, animales
Como animales-mals
Tal vez pienses que puedes esconderte
Puedo oler tu esencia desde millas
Como animales, animales
Como animales-mals
Beb soy

Entonces si corro no es suficiente
Sigues en mi cabeza
Siempre atascado
Para que puedas hacer lo que quieras hacer
Amo tus mentiras, me las comer
Pero no niegues al animal
Que cobra vida cuando estoy dentro de ti

S, puedes empezar de nuevo, puedes correr libre
Puedes encontrar otros peces en el mar.
Puedes fingir que est destinado a ser
Pero no puedes alejarte de mi

Todava puedo orte hacer ese sonido
Tirndome rodando por el suelo
Puedes fingir que fui yo pero no

Beb, me estoy aprovechando de ti esta noche
Cazarte, comerte vivo
Como animales, animales
Como animales-mals
Tal vez pienses que puedes esconderte
Puedo oler tu esencia desde millas
Como animales, animales
Como animales-mals
Beb soy

No digas mentiras, no puedes negar
La bestia dentro, si, si, si
No chica, no mientas, no puedes negar
La bestia dentro, si, si, si
Woah woah woah
Como animales

Beb, me estoy aprovechando de ti esta noche
Cazarte, comerte vivo
Como animales, animales
Como animales-mals
Tal vez pienses que puedes esconderte
Puedo oler tu esencia desde millas
Como animales, animales
Como animales-mals
Beb soy

No digas mentiras, no puedes negar
La bestia dentro, si, si, si
No chica, no mientas, no puedes negar
La bestia dentro, si, si, si"	1
as a beginner to classics myself, i would absolutely recommend the picture of dorian gray to just about anyone. its short, quotable, but also uses such accessible language.	2
Lm n?t t?p 6 lu?n ?i anhhh. ??i m?i????	2
Top Gun, Jurassic, Dr. Strange and The Northman, Everything everywhere all at once was a kind mind trip loved it	2
Subscribe or Ill kick you	0
Super helpful way to get started. I was getting a bit overwhelmed with the sheer volume of material when getting started in UI design. This gives me a way to start building. Thank you.	2
"For those who don't know spanish:

4:00 ""Now you're my <female dog>.""
4:50 ""I love Ukraine, but I have a problem with France, bro. Long live Spain!""
5:11 ""Now my friend will come to talk with you"". *(thanks Fredd)*
5:14 ""To farm...""
5:46 ""Wait. You wait there. Franchutito..."" *(thanks Fredd)*
5:53 ""You want the base, no? So...""
6:25 ""Bro. I'm gonna call you Franchutito(little french), right?!""
6:43 ""What you doing?""
6:57 ""You're escaping from the part where I put you into the dog's house... Why do you leave?""
7:03 ""No! My dog! Bad dog!""
8:01 ""You're the only french that I like, bro.""
8:05 ""So. Continue counting, bro...""
8:28 ""Right. You... you can dig bro, search a bone, entertain yourself there, brother."" *(thanks Fredd)*
13:27 Yes. Every language.
18:14 ""No, no, no! I already made a report... already made a report. He cloned my base, dude.""
18:20 That's a high level Rust player behaviour right there. Get your spanish moms out of the room.

Now, Enardo, learn spanish too"	1
Laxmi aunty sollittu poiruvaga ....last varai avaga varuvagala.... antha ponnu kuda vazluren nu sonna kuda entha aunty vendam nu sollum pola ????????	1
I'm finishing my bachelor's in CS next month and I'm watching this because you never want to forget the fundamentals, you always come back to this stuff.	2
Dan managing to set up his soldering station on the one box they needed was incredibly amusing to me	2
It's true, education is a never-ending process. I feel formal education doesn't teach you to learn from your failures, but rather punish you.	0
And the mother cougar is so much smaller than some of the massive male cougars , that was amazing.	2
My dad tried to teach me chess, I was only 10, he was 52. I picked up the moves of the pieces easily. Halfway through our first game he said Do you have a strategy or are you just making moves at random? I said Making moves at random. He boxed up the pieces and that was that. I later turned out to be a terrific poker player ??	2
I would make a joke about gravity but no-one would fall for that	0
~Xo~xx!	1
Hej abera!!! Szykuje si? fajny film	1
O seu vdeo foi o motivador necessrio para q eu nunca tente montar um desses kkkkk valeu amigao ??	1
Honestly in love with this	2
"MrBeast: Touch something and win 50,000 
Chandler: *Everything he tries to touch disappears*"	1
I love this guy, the artistry, the presentation, the judge influence and involvement.. this guy was meant to be a performer and he does it so well	2
Remember at the beginning when it was Luffy a lone pirate, with his small boat, and a green hair bounty hunter who uses three swords that was tied to a pole. Ohh, how One piece has come a long way!	2
entertaining video man! 6:18 tho ??	1
???? RSS ?? ??? ???? ?????? ?? ???? ????? ???????? ????? ???? ???? ??	1
imagine spending TENS of THOUSANDS on camera equipment so you can capture the scene at the highest fidelity and not at least close the blinds to avoid reflections	1
"I have a question regarding ""Price Drops"". The video mentions the iPhone 12 and 13. Does the price drop only apply to the normal models, or to the entire 12/13 (Pro and Pro Max) lineup? If so, will you only get these models for the reduced price from Apple or also from other retailers, for example Amazon?"	1
This is literally an entire semester of a 400-level Evolutionary Developmental Biology course, summed up in a 5 minute song. Fucking legendary.	0
Imagine being talented and dedicated enough to not just make a game on your own, but also make a high quality video series detailing your design processes at the same time! Really amazing stuff!	2
I cant even imagine the kind of pressure our AG is under. He has the weight of the American public on him . He also has the trump mafia on him and his family.	0
An amazing performance, definitely Maguires best performance in a United shirt	2
Isko short stream bolte hai to long kisko khate hai mayur bhai??????????	2
???? Get 57% OFF 'The 365 Data Science Program':
 https://bit.ly/2CnMKCM	1
So many developments like this seem hypey. But this one, dropping to 2D is such a beautiful simplification, lends itself to sane-time computer simulation. The moir bit, again, beautiful. Reminds me a lot of X-ray crystallography, maybe similar potential for discovering how stuff works.	2
Insightful film ! Also loved how all the characters were brought together at the end !	2
Can  we just appreciate how much work he puts into his videos just to entertain us?! Its amazing!!	2
Cant believe Tride beat literal pros in the race! ??	1
"They shouldn't have a cut scene after the phone ring I'm ready for it to amp up. 36 in and I'm thinking of switching. I like the screen composition the actors and the lack of music. Maybe a few more minutes. 

Edit: it picks up after the flashback. If the flashback was just for a second after Dallas asks the pacing is actually pretty solid.

Mack and Dallas are amazing actors. I love their first scene and Dallas and his wife in the kitchen."	2
If you still vote for Brandon after all this, youre beyond trying to reason with.	0
"Being succinct is great. Now how long will it take for you to learn that people don't appreciate being mislead or flat out lied to. Do another Ted talk when you figure that part out.

Side note: You've known this information for a long time. This is why the most important information is buried at the bottom. The media uses it to their advantage, which is why in most cases the first half tends to be pointless and boring, or aimed at narrative. People stop paying attention so never get to the actual information."	0
the R3 L3 one is so relatable, i had a transformers game on the wiiu a while back and it took me months to figure it out	2
Auto update has a 1-4 week delay, by Apples own admission. So checking for updates manually is important if you want timely updates.	1
"Coming from ""Lion Guard"", this checks out, though I did not expect Bunga to top the list"	1
Parabens a Marvel pela melhor produ??o de Shrek 6! Esperei tanto tempo para ver um liveaction desse filme.	1
I got my first job on a data science team for this summer and have been super nervous about it and living alone. Your videos have been extremely inspiring and encouraging, and I feel less anxious and more excited for this summer. Thank you Julia!!	2
"Hank saying ""right?"" was just praying to the gods of physics that there wasn't a pure vacuum in tree leaves."	1
I know that you can't get into it in a short video, but the political philosophy behind FOSS is fascinating. In many ways, FOSS, or at least its driving philosophies, predate proprietary software!	2
Heck, give these brave folks shelter and work just for heart and effort. We need more people like this. ??	2
Ended up buying the M1 with upgraded memory and student discount, costed me around $970. It is a fantastic machine,.M2 not worth it imo as a college student when M1 can do all the tasks I want effortlessly	2
The two scholars are amazing!! And the actors are sublime!! I've never felt so happy in my life, yet so jealous of those in that conference room!! I've been clapping and cheering and crying all at once. WOW. Thank you!	2
"This is why I pretty much lost a significant focus on writing and critical analysis. Much of the following is due to bad memory, but, everything I would say and write as my own point of view on the understanding of a character's situation, I would ""get it wrong"". Maybe I needed to grow up from such a sheltered environment and know first hand what the characters in the novels, essays, were going through. I was only a kid."	0
*When he pit the cube inside the triangle it just completely camouflaged*	1
I was searching for some good lofi music with good beats, yours was recommended first to me. This is so damn good. All are amazing!	2
I'm just happy to get constant improvement to the system , big pat on the back Microsoft for doing this .	2
tomorrow is my exam of English literature.  This video and your way of teaching help me a lot. Thank you mam for your effort .??????????	2
In need of more hot summer tunes? Check out our Summer Sounds 2022 playlist on Spotify: https://spinnin.lnk.to/summersoundsYT	2
And so it begins... procrastinating on my actual studies to learn something different from crash course	0
"So in a nutshell:

- Never be honest.
- Tell the interviewer what they want to hear.
- Put on a charade.

Got it."	0
Man, I love how he went from a smartphone focused creator to just all inventions overall. This is incredible keep it up Arun ??	2
Extremely helpful!  Great overall video thank you.  I even love how your matched with some of the colors on the slide.  Very co-ordinated.  Just subscribed and will probably be binge watching your videos for the rest of the day.  I know the effort that it takes to produce these tutorials so much appreciated.	2
"Not willing to watch others Review, always waiting for Legend ""Mr. KRK""??"	1
"Thank you sir Richard! 
I cannot thank enough for all your tutorials here. My first round interview went quite good and all thanks to you big-time. ??"	2
"Let's face it. An alien invasion isn't exactly ""worst-case scenario"" at this moment."	1
         ) !) ??	1
He can roast anybody without making them feel bad ??	0
Love the lyric, Believe it or not theres life after high school and Daryls expression while singing it ????	2
Great job on telling the hackers	2
Me falling asleep but I still wanna see what shes doing: ** ????	1
I love your vicious traps and lines, I feel like you play so different from most players	2
A collection of brilliant cars but I would go for the GT4RS. You can't beat a high revving normally aspirated engine.	2
"Ever heard the line: ""He knew everything about literature except how to enjoy it""? That kinda applies here. I never analyze a book or film on the first go. It takes away the magic."	0
Wow, MIT professors are much more engaging than my local state college...	2
This trailer is so powerful, if the trailer can bring you to tears just imagine what the movie will do. R.I.P Chadwick Boseman	2
15 tries, 3 meltdowns, and 1 cry of happiness later, I have officially solved my first Rubik's Cube!	2
I lived 2 years in Paris and I used to observe a lot in the metro their outfit. I noticed that blue, beige and grey were the colors most used to dress, no patterns, only simple color. So simple and stylish at the same time. It is the opposite of us Italians. We like be noticed by accessories or colors. I prefer the French Style	2
"Read questions first 
Actually read the passage
Main theme question for last
Keep unknown word in mind
Link up the line evidence and best understood questions (take advantage of the pairs)
Choose the best answer (there is only one)

WRITING
Underline main subject (single or compound) and main verb in sentence
If either answer is interchangeable neither is the answer (semi colons and periods) and colons sometimes
Read through the whole paragraph before you answer question"	1
I never thought I could learn or understood physics problems but I must confess that you've changed that, now I am working physics problems and I have also been able to applied your method to other problems and I am doing it. We need people who can break complex information down and also explain things like you do. Thank you so much for doing what you right and God bless	2
Microsoft is helping developers financially to get their games finished and out to millions of people. Sony is not doing that at all and people are clocking on to it and shifting to Xbox. Especially when COD is on Game Pass every time a new one comes out.	1
Student loans should be dischargeable or modifiable in bankruptcy proceedings based on a proper showing of financial hardship.  It is absurd that the credit card debt on a Spring Break trip to Cancun is unquestionably dischargeable by a bankruptcy court, but tuition, housing, and fees for college are not.	0
HELL YEAH DUDE, !, although i would recommend it gets exposure and be free for sometime, the reason is well,  you re a small dev and you gotta gain a following and give good feedback to your customers and its an initial experimental stage.	2
Candy, if you are experiencing vaginal bleeding after menopause, it is not normal.  It could be a sign of, among other things, endometrial/uterine or cervical cancer.  Get to the doctor NOW.  It could also be a sign of less serious things like fibroids, polyps, hormonal imbalances.	0
I love how supportive everyone is on here. Good luck with your interviews!	2
So basically its Minecraft but guns solve everything? XD love it	2
A huge CONGRATS David, well done!! cheers kev	2
Real reasons our eletric bills are so high	0
I met a sushi chef back in 1985 who had been living in the USA for thirty years at the time. He claimed to be the inventor of California roll. He said he developed it to warm customers to the concept of sushi. Sort of a beginners sushi.	1
i think this is one of the few songs that you can actually listen nonstop	2
The real amazing thing about Ems first few lines is that he was finishing Young MAs rhyme scheme that she started way back in her verse. She rhymes Quavo, facial, Lay Lo, Wayne mode, drake mode, rake mode, paid so, gang mode, pain go, flame go, etc (its out of order I know) and then Em comes in Game O(ever), Thanos and finished it. The man is a monster but that was nothing but respect to Young MA for holding the rhyme scheme out that long, which I think was something she did to pay homage to Em cause thats his style. Fire song.	2
"19:32 ,that's what you got from Daemons smile? how are everyone giving daemon ""villain"" tag so quickly.  It feels like I saw some other episode and many other people saw another. It felt more like ""my brother knows me, he's right, these other idiots know nothing"" smile.
Daemon is Vicious and acts douchy but also cares about his family from the scenes before with rhaenyra & at the funeral."	0
Dont forget to get your booster shots, its only 2 weeks to flatten the curve, were all in this together and once we are all poor and bankrupt were going to build back better. Wake up Canada and start taking accountability and responsibility for your own situations	1
"This is probably the best video on a channel that is already full of videos that are incredibly beautiful. 

The quality of the footage is in its own league, possibly the highest quality you can find on YouTube. I am so glad that I found this gem. And Im sorry for people who dont know this channel. I hope there will be many more videos showing the beauty of many more places on this planet. 

These videos give people the chance to see the world. And the only thing they need is an internet connection. You bring joy to people all over the world. Its simply fantastic. Thank you so much."	2
"As a student of literature, I fully agree with what you're saying in this video. I almost use the same exact same arguments when someone asks me why I study literature lol 
I love how you and your mum discuss literature so casually and playfully, that's some real family goals right there"	2
Prop 12 not knowing how to throw ??	0
I bought this cube few days ago, and it is really hard, I didn't solve it, but I know people who solve it!??	1
I love you Salish thanks for doing this video I love it ??	2
The controller really is the coolest thing about the PS5, Astros Playroom is insane with the haptics	2
i like the lights under the joycon control sticks. that's what stood out to me the most. it really is a nice looking console.	2
Hey, this video really made me catch my understanding of what is machine learning is... I referred to ton's of different video's I am able to understand kind of, but not meaningfully,  but this video gave me the complete meaning of machine learning to understand deep practically.	2
"Suspects List
Kiply: 9%
Bionic: 43%
Lynix: 95%
Doni: 100%"	1
I estimate this most definitely took over a month to make -- editing on point, humor on point, good shit !!	1
"""Congrats on your new car!""

Chris: *immediately damages car*"	2
This is insanity, never done before in the history of this platform. Hats off to you Jimmy ??	0
Wood! Thanks for reviewing this and introducing me to a new controller (I know you were mainly focusing on the mini streamdeck, but still)! I had never heard of it and I was looking for something like that because believe it or not, my pro controller/joycons all HAVE STICK DRIFT, so finding a controller that addresses that problem is exactly what I needed especially when it's got gyroscope capabilities too! (I play splatoon, so I need gyro and sticks with no drift of course.)	2
Love the video but it brings back painful memories of being a 24 yr old young man with 360 waves, putting Dax pomade in my hair and now 36 and bald with a beard. Life comes at you fast ??	0
I love how he sounds like a 5 year old when he says I got him	2
Incredible video, incredible channel	2
Hey man, I just started my Computer science journey at UCF about a month ago and I was wondering if you ever found a specific time during the day or night where you find yourself to be the most efficient with coding. In other words do you have a time during the day where you just shut everything down and force yourself to just stop programming for the day or is it usually different for you every day? I loved this video I really related to feeling pretty lost my first 2 weeks as I had no programming experience at all but am finally really starting to get the hang of things. My professor for my Intro to C class has been constantly repeating that 80% of the learning in this class will be outside of the classroom and I have found that to be some real truth.	2
Thank you for this course, so easy to follow for a beginner like me. Super helpful!	2
"nikkie: *starts with the clean girl aesthetic base*
nikkie: *adds a pound of her most full coverage concealer to make it basically full coverage* 

I EXPECTED NOTHING LESS ???? LOVE U NIKKIE"	2
You are life and time saver. Thank you ?. May god bless you!??	2
I currently have a 1370  (M: 670, RWL: 700) from my last two SATs and I'm taking it again this coming Saturday (aiming for a 1420?or higher) and since watching your two tips videos I got a 1430 on my last practice test and am feeling so much more confident going in this time. thank you so so much for these videos!	2
Ive had an Xbox 360 for 8 yrs it just recently started overheating. It still works but I went straight for the series x.  All access is 37.08 a month for 2 yrs for the console a controller and a 2 yr game pass ultimate subscription.  Ive been running it off my Hotspot. Works great console and cloud gaming. Thank God my internet will be fixed this week.	2
"First off, I would like to congratulate you and the entire team on making it up to 500k subscribers. That is a huge, huge achievement. There is still a long way to go. I subbed to this amazing channel back when it had just 60k subs. I have been here since almost a year now. Time flies by for sure. 
I don't have a lot to say about this video since it's pretty technical. I'm not really a huge fan of trucks. I will say, however, that I want you guys to get back to this guy and see how he's doing in a couple years. This guy definitely thinks big and I love that. He is such a huge inspiration. I have started my affiliate marketing and already made $7k in just 6 months. It's nothing compared to the amount of money he makes, but we will get there for sure. 
Kudos to you guys again. You are doing such an amazing job. Can you please make the vending machine video (I believe you made one) go live? I would love that. Thanks.
Also, what happened to the Q&A bliz? You didn't do it this time. Why? I was interested in knowing what books he reads, if any. 
Looking forward to a next video of yours ;). When is it coming? 
I noticed the last video was deleted, which is kind of a bummer since I didn't get to watch it all in time."	2
Bahut achha ??????	2
I dont know if its only me, but who else noticed that the salaries are almost  at equilibrium to the monthly bills?	1
"There needs to be more focus in school on ""how to think"" and less on ""WHAT to think"". Most kids learn how to memorize material and pass tests, but only certain kids verse themselves well enough to approach extra credit problems that weren't covered in class and actually require thought."	1
"VR c th? post ring vid piano bi ""Lm ?n"" ln channel ???c kh?ng hiuhiu. Nghe healing qu... ?????? Ch? m?i VR react, xem tr??c r?i nh?ng v?n xem l?i cng VR. C?m ?n VR v ?? ??m ?n pianooooo ??????"	2
Its ok Dont worry about the background Im glad my favourite YouTubers are doing their reaction ??	2
   !!!??????	2
"08:04 He did illegal move and 2 minutes later he trying to capture king... ""GM"""	1
It is hilarious how Chris is more interested in 420 and 69 than winning	1
Nice inspiring chess video for the learners, THANKS @BRIGHT SIDE	2
Im not over excited because Man U usually turn up against the big teams. We are good at counter attacking but against teams that sit back is when we struggle.	2
Pleaseeee do these for UK sociological structures because most of your videos have helped my alevels so far and are incredibly helpful	2
Insanely cool!! Using old rubbish and second hand items is also very admirable (and cost effective, I imagine).	2
"There's a pizzeria here in Sweden that ""invented"" a calzone that's stuffed with a burger (with bun) with fries and everything. Guessing that it was ""invented"" by someone a bit drunk ""I want a pizza, but a burger"""	1
Dude love the cut outs! Great video!	2
These videos are insane, the effort and the knowledge is inspiring.	2
Believe me....my teacher has taught me on this topic 6 hours ago. I really looking for this video. Thank you from the core of my being, Zach. Thank to Ninja Nerd team????????	2
Excellent explanation. I completely agree with your explanation of magic realism and also the idea that it is a post colonial resistance against Eurocentrism, but I think its scope is even bigger. One aspect of magic realism is politically ideological, that is the postcolonial stuff. Another aspect is challenging the constricted mentality created by strict adherence to materialistic/scientific determinism. This aspect is more philosophical, and not just ethical like the ideological aspect but also epistemological or maybe even metaphysical i.e. it may draw our attention to fundamental questions about the nature of reality and the likes. This is just my personal opinion.	2
We need music video for this one! Album fire ??????	2
Binge-watching Mr. Beast is the only thing keeping me motivated in life  rn if that makes sense	2
I've past this level already, but thanks to you, I've gain new perspective thanks	2
Props to the camera men flying behind them in creative mode.	1
I accidentally click this song on Spotify and I really love it	2
"I love this song ??
Let's bring this song back for 2020"	2
There are a couple of other big names that died at 27. Pretty crazy. Was fun to watch. Great video	2
I am 37 and finally realizing that I have to invest in my self and mental health or else it will be my Demise. I have made drastic changes and by sticking to them and not feeling guilty I am definitely looking and feeling better.	2
The first one if he was smart he could have just picked up the window lol	1
Even though I wasn't there, I had goosebumps hearing the audience's reaction, and the suspense the screen gave us!	2
oh myy i was hoping you'd do a face tutorial! your techniques are always so easy to follow along with and help a lot ??	2
You did a great job! SAT Math is not easy, I wish it was easier for students to beat it! Good luck guys!	2
According to your video title, the FBI took Trumps property.	1
Hello	1
I really wish people would stop hoaxing this stuff, thats why people have such trouble taking this topic seriously!	0
amei essa playlist definitivamente vou ouvir mais de uma vez <3	1
The dialog and sounds of her just pouring a can of pop is what keeps me eating with Ssoyoung whenever I get a chance.	2
"19 parts left until 300!
*ALSO i just made a video NEVER name your Minecraft world Nether, check it out!*"	2
I am a Structural Engineer. This is a good field for data science since most civil engineers don't learn programming/coding and when they do they just shift to IT industry. Data science will be very crucial for monitoring the life of structures.	2
No DJs from Today could beat these tunes yet : )	2
Schools need to push to hold back students instead of pushing them to a level out of their league until they give up. The students that are showing much slower growth need to be put into an alternative career/life focused school/classes/program.	0
Oh Drew! I loved all of these stylings, but felt that the 3rd one just tied in all of the colors of your room, especially the dark paneling. And the 4th one added a soft warmth & great texture. Would you PLEASE do a similar video for window treatments? Styling different curtains patterns & colors,  with the rods, etc? I would love to see all the different ways you would style a window??.	2
very well mam. I recommend the newbie who are going to start literature studies first see this video which is about all definitions of literature. I hope after seeing this video you will better understand the concept of literature	2
we need more of this! skeppy managed to pull off this troll so well.	2
The perfect playlist to recenter before another busy week. I hope everyone had a great weekend ??	2
Imagine the AI has been playing along so that we have no idea its alive until its time for whatever it wants to happen and then all these guys are shocked like wow it played us for fools as well????	0
I was able to make a perfect burger for the first time in my life by following your recipe and processes. Thank you!	2
Nuclear is a great carbon-free base load electricity source. Id like to see it not as a competition but rather a companion to renewables in the future electrical generation portfolio. On the downside, nuclear is expensive to build and insure, but the actual watts  generated are among the cheapest. There are also concerns about the total available uranium to run the reactors, and it seems like well have enough of it for 50-100 years if we generate 40-50% of the energy from nuclear. On top of that, thorium reactors could be a viable alternative to their uranium counterparts. Another new direction in nuclear is small modular reactors (4th gen) which in theory should be much cheaper to build and run, making initial investment lower. They would also give us greater agility in planning the electrical grid.	1
"The whole world and their comfort foods:   ??????????????
US and UK: ?? ???????? ??????????"	1
"Me : Show this to my parents
My parents : Wow.....you should work hard like him and become a Doctor"	2
This monitor looks really clean with almost no bezels. I like how its got a tilt adjustable stand as well. Nice video	2
Ive never seen such a long preview this just proves that this asmrist really puts in the effort for us	2
I miss the good old days... before mojang became extremely lazy and restrictive :(	0
Amazing video.  !ove to see the next one.	2
I have watched many of Josh's videos several times. Whenever I find myself trying to remember a concept, I know that a StatQuest video will sort me out in 10 minutes or less	1
I remember Johnny Ray in Theres No Business Like Show Business with Ethel Merman, Dan Dailey, Donald OConner, Marilyn Monroe, Mitzi Gaynor and Hugh OBrien. I loved that movie. They really knew how to make movies in those days.	2
They forgot a thing. We chew our food ????	1
This series has helped me and my friends find some helpful tech that has helped our setups! The pc panel is gonna be a huge upgrade	2
Marvel siempre poniendo la msica indicada para sus trailers, que siempre terminan agradando mucho	1
Thank u for reacting sir..... love from Assam....??my favorite reactors you both are ??	2
?n c nc nh? th? th ch?t	1
"I hope we can ""lock"" the lockscreen. I dont want to accidentally long press the screen (which i often do believe it or not) and change the wallpaper lol"	1
I know I can never get in to MIT, so this is such a useful  free resource for people like me who want to get into comp sci taught by masters! Thank you so much! I plan on getting either a second bachelors in comp sci (first one in music) or master's if possible.	2
This video was incredibly helpful for me. A video of 7:21 minutes literally covered the whole chapter of cell. Thanks a million <3	2
Vijay sethupathi is one of the most talented actor I have seen in south industry n r Madhavan is one of the most underrated actor love the original masterpiece??	2
This man is a very gentle soul. It's hard for him to get angry	2
Thanks for a other great show guys! ?	2
I'm impressed with the thoroughness and professionalism exhibit by this team, particularly their depth of knowledge, focus, integrity and attention to details make us very comfortable doing Bitcoin investment with them!!!	2
Your videos are really what makes things interesting and understandable... Can we expect one on literary periods, pls	2
1 wrong move and it's all gone.	0
First met Max back when he was still operating out of the coffee stall. He's a great entrepreneur and skilled coffee shop owner!	2
Whoever's reading this, i pray that whatever you're going through gets better and whatever you're struggling with or worrying about is going to be fine and that everyone has a fantastic day! Amen	2
As a long time Apple fan.your video was spot on and fair. All those Apple products you thought were awful, really were awful. :) I share your optimism for a new Apple era where we get a better balance between performance, function, size/weight, and design.	2
I like Cobys attitude, even though he fails a lot hes always on the positive side. Keep on going Coby	2
Killer video. I think one area that is always overlooked in a predictive field like data science is causality. It's a really important area in order to understand how confounding can impact model power. Really digging your videos by the way..!	2
I still love how theres a point where he clearly defogged the goggles.	2
Orange my friend, you never fail to make me laugh.	2
Biasanya lo kalo byk berita negatif nanti byk yg pasang bear dan bandar mainkan tu d naikan ,biasanya sih gitu malah naik	1
Ive never eaten Brazilian food before, that place looks legit ?? the food looks fabulous	2
This lady is awesome. Her voice makes my throat hurt but I could watch her for hours.	2
Oh my God its so cute...??????Thank you for sharing! It looks amazing! I also try to make like same videos	2
update: i switched my major to mathematics. I guess CS was not for me xD	0
Tudo que  do Kirby  bonito,  impressionante.	1
I loved your list! really well put together. having lived in WA, and born in Oregon I can attest that both restraunts are very important to us	2
"2 rekod die buat

1)Perdana menteri pertama yang dijatuhkan melalui pilihan raya
2)Perdana menteri pertama ke penjara....."	1
"""Even the sexiest person you have ever met in your life is just a collection of organic compounds rambling around in a sack of water."" 

I don't know about you, but thinking about that statement gives me tremendously less anxiety when conversing with people I find attractive"	1
even your early games made more from boredom than interest are impressive... you learned so much game dev in a year, makes me feel more motivated to start in earnest.	2
Though it is hinted, the video should have mentioned that Tolstoy was one of those few writers who was famous and received recognition in his own lifetime and not posthumously.	1
"If you need to study and youre scrolling instead, heres your gentle reminder to get back to work :)

You got this!"	2
27:22 oui ! je constate l'effet de nettet et de clart , c'est tellement mieux maintenant M4f Wahouu !??	2
I really love pork sinigang and bone marrow with sili and rice??????????	2
"Love the Kurzgesagt reference at 3:02
Can you do the map of astronomy next?"	2
Sb737, Ive been following you since 2017. Each video shows massive amount of dedication and time, even if its not MineCraft. Still love the work and effort!	2
Gosh...I can remember watching Sysco when he was a teenager working at the Fudgery in Baltimore's Harbor Place performing while making fudge.  He drew such a crowd.  Everyone who walked by would just stop what they were doing because he just had a way of drawing you in.  It's so nice to see that they still have that ability.  That's what you call TALENT!	2
thank you so much.	2
I hope one day I can listen to this song with my significant other in the car on a summer night with the windows down and the wind blowing through our hair	2
This man literally born to create history hats off to Jimmy and the crew.	2
You are awsome keep up the good work I watch you everyday	2
No one can replace Vijay setupathy as Vedha role.But I'm sure Hrithik has delivered his masterful performance in this movie, total goosebumps with bgm????	2
"This was a great video. I wish there were time stamps so I made them. 

1. Subject-Verb Agreements: 1:21
2. Verb Tenses: 5:59
3. Pronouns & Antecedents: 12:01
4. Adjectives & Adverbs: 17:17
5. Modifications: 21:22
6. Parallelism & Comparison: 28:27
7. Sentence Structure: 36:48
8. Punctuation: 38:57"	2
"FULL ALGEBRA PLAYLIST: https://bit.ly/ludus_algebra

Hope this helps with your review!!"	2
Killed it ???????? The beat so hard ??	2
Kind of AI?	1
"love it??
I hope everyone here is doing well and if not, better times lie ahead"	2
Mackie's enthusiasm for Shakespeare is fantastic.?	2
RIP the last boy's father. May god bless his family.	2
Great job Jayne!	2
Mind blowing magician got talent!	2
This song should've blew up more. I didn't know Ty Dolla could hit them falsettos tho...Quavo was a good add, but the ablibs of this song really does it for me. Shit fire.	2
I'd like to see a panel of security experts -- gov't officials intimately familiar with Standards for handling TS/SCI, such as the ICS-705-1 and the like. Anyone who has held a cleared position in DoD is familiar with the mandatory security training they had to take every year and probably remembers the many references to the DoDM 5105.21, ICS, and other standards. I think the public needs to hear first hand -- officially -- how this material was supposed to be taken care of; they need to hear about SCIFs, combo safes, cypher locks, cover sheets, security procedures, and all the penalties associated with mishandling such material. This is not a political discussion; it's a national security matter.	1
Im always looking forward to these every month so thank you for making them. Honestly that little lamp and speaker caught my eye. The flickering is really cool to me and the speaker is a nice extra.	2
You've officially earned the unofficial award for Least Douchie Finance, Business, and Self Improvement YouTouber. I truly admire your genuine lack of pretention in a world full of cringelly insecure douche gurus. Keep it up, Champ  ????	2
the playstation 2 startup menu just gives me an unthinkable amount of nostalgia. just the sound of the startup gives me goosebumps. i remeber playing sonic, steet fighter and all sorts.	2
I see a 50 Cent interview and I watch immediately. 50 NEVER disappoints in his interviews.	2
I like the part that bonsai tree can grow big if allowed and can still make fruit/seed... so we could theoretically save endangered giant trees by making bonsais of them and have a hope that one day... there will be place where they can / their offspring can grow big again.	2
0:24 That is a special kind of tree -> Binary search Tree, 1:29 Since stack is a Last in First Out Data structure push/pop is (usually) shown the other way round	1
Amazing nature and wildlife on earth!	2
"Honestly, the frustrating thing for me at work as data analyst/scientist is I never saw our clients give any feedback about how our reports were helpful for them and change their projects. AKA. ""business impact like what you described."" I always comfort myself that ""even just a little impact. and that's enough."""	0
So perfect for doing my homework and studying tonight. Thank you. Hope everyone's having a good time back in school!	2
Gotta love her personality,  she looks great for her age, I might not be able to afford those products,  but she can, so kudos to her ????	2
"This actually answered a couple of questions I had about working professionally. I know that SW Engineers typically work in an agile framework but wasn't sure if Data Science followed that same trend. Thanks Ken!

Now to watch this 400,000 more times so we can beat Forrest."	2
"Apply for Crypto Researcher Job - https://twitter.com/cryptooindia/status/1562366899056480256
Telegram - https://t.me/s/officialcryptoindia
Twitter - https://twitter.com/CryptooIndia
Instagram - https://www.instagram.com/cryptoonomad/"	1
"So I do like this series, but this confused me because he switched from one output - ""should I buy pizza"" - to another output - ""is this a pizza or a taco"". Is this a fundamental difference in what DL vs ML is able to do? Or that the first output doesn't require as many layers to become a neural network so therefore would always sit at a DL level? Sorry, I think I need to do more study and come back to this video"	1
I wanted to make a 3D survival game, with a massive map with multiple biomes, weird animals, diseases, allergies and of course cut scenes. once I drew the design on some paper I realized that I never had coded before, so this would be way to hard. now I watched this video and I think my first game will just be a simple platformer.	1
WHERE'S THE KISS BETWEEN QUILL AND GAMORA	1
"??Best Global Bitcoin & Crypto Exchange - Binance ($600 Bonus) https://bit.ly/3RJFAdV
??Best US Bitcoin & Crypto Exchange - Binance US https://bit.ly/3aq6tCz

??Get a Bitcoin Reward Credit Card (1.5% Back in BTC): https://bit.ly/3wRgz55 
??Buy Bitcoin & Crypto with IRA/401k w/ItrustCapital ($100 Bonus) https://bit.ly/3vTebLT

??Safeguard Your Bitcoin and Crypto w/ Ledger Wallet https://bit.ly/3xJdMwL
??Protect Yourself with NordVPN (69% off) https://bit.ly/3zgO2b9

??Buy Crypto Domain Names w/ Unstoppable Domains: https://bit.ly/3inLz8v


??CryptosRus' Best Crypto Exchanges Guide: https://bit.ly/3Gc7dF9/
??CryptosRus' Best Crypto Deals: https://bit.ly/3wUtbeu
??CryptosRus' Crypto Academy: https://bit.ly/3MZj1yZ
??CryptosRus' Merchandise, NFTs and Articles:  https://CryptosRus.com

?Join Patreon for Exclusive Content and Discord Chat: https://bit.ly/3z3It1Y"	1
"   ??
 )
 !!!"	1
Youre awesome. I find real engineerings content interesting but its yours which inspires me to become a genetic engineer	2
Thank you for the basics. I'm new to the tech field and at first it can all seem overwhelming but it's really not. You helped with that. ??	2
"Deus nunca disse que a jornada seria fcil, mas ele disse que a chegada valeria a pena. Sucesso pra geral que leu esse comentrio????








Tenho um canal quem poder d uma for?a la
Edit: n?o estou mendigando voc n?o  obrigado a ajudar"	1
This is really good ??	2
"It will probably not be an ""online check"" DRM. I saw a flash of a website in the video on emulation piracy DRM. Denuvo probably thinks that they have a way for a game to be able to run a check to see if it's running in an emulated environment. Based on their history using kernel-mode DRM / anti-cheat BS on the PC I would avoid any switch game running anything from denuvo."	0
Its awesome, but what happens to the humans that used to do these jobs?	2
What an insight towards literature. In this great speech I'm  happy  to know some books and authors that he mentioned ,more over after watching this video most of the people willl start reading books . Wonderful speech, v surprised to see less number of views !!!	2
I remember being so giddy and excited for this thing to come out. Watching videos, unboxings, gameplay, etc. Seeing this video again brings back some really great memories.	2
100% my favorite part is at 2:30 please do more of that	2
You can really tell the progress! Awesome! Especially the logic behind the last one with the cars, it's something that can get you in a Tesla like company to code the actual self driving cars! So keep up the good work!	2
I'm never eating a banana again after seeing that or getting a clock??????	0
Fact: We learn more on the internet, from travelling and meeting people than we have at school.	2
This man is a genius he never runs out of ideas lol	2
Ive watched so many videos on sat studying tips but none have actually gone into detail, usually just recommending sites to use. All your videos have seriously helped. Thank you so much!	2
Whoever's reading this, i pray that whatever you're going through gets better and whatever you're struggling with or worrying about is going to be fine and that everyone has a fantastic day! Amen	2
Watching this, one thing that may have been an easter egg that I only remembered from this episode was the court drawing of She-Hulk with the weight lifters.  As a teenager, I had a poster by Joe Jusko of She-Hulk at muscle beach.  Maybe the court drawing was a nod to that?	1
Craftee you are a great content creator you should continue to create these masterpieces	2
I LOVE THIS I SUBED AND THIS IS AMAZING	2
A huge thanks to Chris for everything he does for Jimmy and chandler	2
This is not just a food review channel....This is a cultural documentary that makes me appreciate our planet and I will support this channel till I'm an old woman.  ??????	2
I feel like you become a Minecraft veteran when you have been around for more updates than you haven't been for. Like I feel luke that's the official milestone	2
"*Last person to stand up wins 20k challenge!*
Chandler: **Chair broke**"	1
who else laughed when oscar said mom u forget what its like to be a kid lol	1
That LED Message Board is super cool! So many options for use. Love watching your videos and seeing all of the cool affordable tech!	2
Punches him in the stomach, shouldve aimed for the head	0
"I remember two years ago staying up at 3 in the morning with a cup of anxiety, just to listen to the 3 AM Study Session premiere at 144p using limited data on my half cracked phone, wondering where I'll be in the future and if things will go well for me after I graduate.

Now here I am once again at 3 in the morning with a cup of coffee, fast internet, and my own custom PC. It took a lot to get here and I still have a long way to go in life and have uncertainties for my future. But for anyone out there who have worries or anxieties for their next few years, just know that if I could make it, than so can you. I hope you will get to experience the same bliss I have at the moment. As we often forget to enjoy just today, when we keep thinking about the tomorrows

And thank you ChilledCow, for being there during the moments

Edit: I just want to say I appreciate everyone for all the encouraging likes and messages. I wish nothing but the best for all of you who are pulling through your struggles"	0
Not gonna lie, Gordon Ramsay seems like a nice guy teaching us peasants how to cook	2
i dont understand how this song is SO OVERLY UNDERRATED	0
I love hearing Neil speak and explain things. Hes such a character ??	2
To the person who reading this .  I realize this life is hard, being mature is suck. I know you're tired with all of this, but you should know. You did a good job. You are great. You deserve to be happy.	2
I've never watched the movie, but the book 12 Years a Slave was so descript and disturbing! Although there were times I had to put the book down, I really like how it brought much more light to the tortures and horrendous practices performed by the YT man AND the YT woman. Textbooks in high school never went into the details of physical and mental punishments. All I was ever taught about was whippings, beatings, and a little about the rapings. But there was so much more that only an inhumane brute could think of doing. Solomon Northup described them a lot as demoniac, being possessed with an evil spirit, and soulless #seedofesau	0
Im impressed with Max. The dude is super smart and running this like a high performing tech startup. Best coffee shop interview yet.	2
"""im sure foodie beauty is a lovely person"" 

foodie beauty: is racist and xenophobic"	0
Si tan solo fuera as de fcil conseguir novia	1
hey cube head quick question, have you got a package from the cubicle that you haven't unboxed on your channel? also love your videos.	2
Finally justice has been served to Najib Razak!	1
I'm overwhelmed when trying to learn how to use Canva by myself, because there're tons of functions. Thank you for making this video.  Using Canva is much eas?er now!	2
this was my ex ringtone back in High school (back when you waited for it to come on the radio so you can record it and use the recording as a ringtone lol throwback!)	1
    .     .      .            .       ,           .????????????????????????????????????????	1
"That kool aid clip was hilarious. I love how the drink up gobbles up the sugar like an addict with the thick mixture bubbling over like a witch's cauldron.
The sugar just got swallowed up in an instant in such a weird way."	2
It's strange, I was literally thinking about this just the other day and how many people actively avoid getting a MacBook between 2016-19 on the used market. So glad they've gone back to functionality. I just hope they can sort their 'oh so strange' pricing points! (an upgraded Air m2 costs almost the same as the M1 Pro... like what?).	1
We're actually planning a lofi sound bath! Thanks for being an inspiration ?????	2
After an hour, I have to say this is one of the BEST movies of the bank heist genre. ??	2
Managed to create a better demo/review than even Nintendo could hope to do with the commercials. Incredible!	2
When soup uploads a new video, you know your day is gonna be great	2
"It looks like they might be simplifying their phone line - by differentiating the Regular and Pro lines:
 - iPhone 14 / 14 Max - effectively last year's phones (same design, CPU, screen) will become budget phones at $600 - 700, replacing all the different old models (SE, Xr, 11, 12) they keep around to sell as budget phones
 - iPhone 14 Pro / 14 Pro Max -  will be the actual flagship phones at $1100 - 1300
Otherwise it does not make sense for Apple to downgrade the regular iPhone 14 so much.
Which is a good thing, because the phone line was just too messy with all the older models, sizes - now they'll just have regular 14 (effectively last years models) and 14 Pro (the flagship models). 
They should simplify the iPad line as well."	2
"SingleXNdS??
xKB,13,JoeySh2??"	1
The tactical position of maguire was class ??	2
Just want to put it out there that you dont need to buy the prep book to access the eight official SAT practice tests! They are available online on the College Board website and free for you to download and print! Also Khan Academy allows you to take those tests on your computer (or just input your answers) and they will score it for you and give you practice recommendations!	2
this is a truly beautiful mix of lofi, as well as the illustration	2
This young man is dropping Gems. Very Genuine&, Candid I pray God continues to order his steps and cover him.	2
"I just want to say that I absolutely love this. I'm both mind-blown, entertained and inspired. As a mere psych student I still feel like I understood a whole lot of it, and they even made some psych references. And the way they talked about children having an intuitive understanding of quantum stuff made me think of theory-theory and this quote: ""It's not that children are little scientists  it's that scientists are big children."""	2
This song will never be forgotten	2
Hey wie viel das war ein richtig tolles Video ich liebe deine Videos ber alles und warte jeden Tag auf deine Videos	1
Danny Rensch taking over Play Magnus is chess's version of Elon Musk buying Twitter.	1
So sorry about Mr. Engle's son. condolences to the family.	0
Gordon guy seems to have good cooking knowledge. He should become a good chef someday	2
Vous tes vraiment trop chanceux davoir plus de tester en avance????	2
"Did anyone believe and experienced a firmware issue when you're using an older device wherein from nowhere there arises some issues and you're forced to switch to an upgrade. 
Says a handful of people are affected, will the company ready to pay a price for that. Many users doesn't know whether they're affected or not, and any data been shared or not in the background. What does the Apple team will do about it."	0
I used to think that complicated math is useless but I'm starting to get the point now thank you.	1
The best thing I started doing to wake up is to leave my phone on my desk across the room, so I can't be on my phone before bed and I have to stand up to turn off my alarm. Just forcing myself to stand up in the morning stops me from snoozing my alarm.	2
"Foreigner: DUDE THERES A CIVIL WAR
Greeks: Yeah, thats just Wednesday"	1
I don't know Tamil but I am understanding the story by reading subtitles..obviously Tamil movies are very good and awesome when it roled by my favourite actress??????	2
"Wow... I love how he explains things and especially his ""aura""--calming and not judgmental. Imho, pure of the intention to ""I want to help you to understand this"". Honestly, it has been a very long time I haven't feel this feeling. Very soothing..."	2
This is a masterpiece and must be protected for future generations	2
Allu Arjun ????	2
Assalamualaikum Arun bhai love for Hyderabad in jahanuma	2
"I thought all of the comment section would be like:

MiToChOnDrIa Is ThE pOwErHoUsE oF tHe CeLl"	1
wow me encanta la dedicasion y el esfuerzo que le pones a tus videos	1
Your persistence and creativity know no bounds Mike! This is amazing. And how amazing is Daily Puzzles!!	2
Wow. I swear this is one of the best youtube channels I've ever come across. You're exceptionally knowledgeable about all these fields. Thank you so much.	2
Thank you Guy, I really appreciate the broader financial / global economic perspective that your channel is pursuing beyond crypto. Your videos are always top notch, full of logical insight, entertaining and perfectly concise. We appreciate all that you do!	2
the fact that Sigurd mentions a way to an alpha-verse (with alpha usually meaning first) kinda reinforces the idea that were in the universe where Cereza wasnt sealed away, and the climax of the story could probably involve our main Bayonetta because its confirmed were gonna meet other Bayonettas. this also kinda ties into how Hellena Taylor tweeted about getting used to not hearing her iconic voice, which could mean the kinda low and seductive one she uses for our main Bayo.	1
One of the best things about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something. He always respect us, the audience, and his team, and he is always polite in all of his videos. We congratulate ourselves on this achievement. More to come and everything.??????	2
That looks yummy??????????	2
Yo, Tarpor really has showed himself as a very charismatic, smart and strong leader! Paying tribute to him, three scientists and all the other survivors, remained and been killed, for making this way through!	2
Mnh ?ang lm l?p trnh vin cho c?ng ty RTOS ^^ chuyn v? tn l?a, xe c?a M? . l INTEGRITY	1
This is a great review of what I missed when I stopped cubing for the past 8 years. Im back at it now. Thank you for the video!	2
This channel is getting me through university	2
Uff amo la cancin!! :D hasta a m abuela le gusta xd	2
"There are some more common usages for Greek letters:

 (lowercase alpha, pronounced AL-fa): Alpha decay in nuclear chemistry

 (lowercase beta, pronounced BAY-ta, BEE-ta, or VEE-ta): Beta decay in nuclear chemistry

 (uppercase gamma, pronounced GAM-ma): Invertible linear function with a domain within the n-dimensional real numbers and a range outside of the n-dimensional real numbers

 (lowercase gamma): Gamma decay in nuclear chemistry, photons, activity coefficients in thermodynamics

 (lowercase delta, pronounced DEL-ta or THEL-ta): Infinitesimal change for a path function

 (lowercase zeta, pronounced ZAY-ta or ZEE-ta): The Riemann Zeta Function

 (lowercase eta, pronounced AY-ta or EE-ta): Efficiency 

 (lowercase theta, pronounced THAY-ta or THEE-ta): Temperature difference in a fin (used in heat transfer)

 (uppercase lambda, pronounced LAM-da or LAM-bda): Lambda baryons in particle physics

 (lowercase lambda): LaGrange multiplier in multivariable calculus

 (lowercase mu, pronounced myoo or moo): Dynamic viscosity

 (lowercase nu, pronounced new): Kinematic viscosity, stoichiometric coefficients

 (uppercase xi, pronounced ksai or ksee): Xi baryons in particle physics

 (lowercase xi): Extent of reaction

 (uppercase pi, pronounced pie or pee): Product function

 (lowercase pi): Pions in particle physics

 (uppercase sigma, pronounced SIG-ma): Sigma baryons in particle physics

 (lowercase sigma): Surface tension, population standard deviation

 (lowercase tau, pronounced taw or tav): Proper time, alternative circle constant

 (uppercase phi, pronounced fai or fee): Electric or magnetic flux

 (lowercase phi): The Golden Ratio, fugacity coefficient

 (lowercase chi, pronounced khai, khee, chai, or chee, the latter two with a ""German CH""): Chi-squared statistics test

 (uppercase psi, pronounced sai): Water potential/osmotic pressure

 (uppercase omega, pronounced oh-MEH-ga): Omega baryons in particle physics"	1
why does this mix only have these likes? this is amazing!!	2
Although shes wrong about the math part. I definitely believe that professors like to make learning CS harder than it should be.	0
Thank you so much for sharing your insights into comp sci! I'm starting my degree this September, and your video definitely helped me prepare for what to expect. <3	2
The part where thanos said I am inevitable and then groot said I am groot really blew my mind	1
"Take note: At 52:00, the assertion is made that cellular biology, especially how DNA directs construction of its copy during mitosis, is ""incredibly complex"". This should answer my critics who say I'm overstating the facts when I refer to DNA as a 4D molecule. It functions like a computer program, or at least like a program controller within a cell."	1
Yes, personal responsibility.quit blaming the person who served him.hes an adult, he chose to drink & drive.	0
The legend says Bart is still pouring his coffee.	1
interesting is our cultures change a lot through the generations, but food never changes much. Like most of the ancient Greek and Roman delicacies can still be found in Turkish cuisine. Think about the first bread was a pancake baked on a fire hot stone. flat bread is still made all around the world ??	1
Com tantas decep??es que a Marvel vem entregando. N?o guardarei tanta expectativa, mas por se tratar de Pantera Negra. Espero que eles entreguem um filme digno da estrela que foi Chadwick!	1
I know this isn't entirely uncommon with authors, but I've always loved how much Neil Gaiman feels like a Neil Gaiman character.	2
Honestly I'm proud of Chandler for knowing where his boundaries lay in these challenges; he keeps his physical and mental health in mind and doesn't go as far as hurting himself just to win some money ??	2
When will the HOW2 series come back? I really enjoy watching it	2
One best thing about dude is that whenever he achieves something, he never gives the credit to himself. He always respect us, the audience the most and his team too. He is always polite in every of video. We congratulate ourselves for this achievement. More to come and everything comes. We always with you rtzg	2
"This tutorial is awesome! I could easily understand MySQL and compare the difference with MS SQL server <3
Cheers to you Mosh! You are helping many developer worlwide"	2
??Explore Our FREE Courses With Completion Certificate: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-caxhMlw_04	1
It was indeed hilarious ?? blend with water?? love your podcast, it cheers me up each time I listen to it, thank you!	2
"I never really agreed with this kind of education system. I live in Malaysia. My earliest childhood memories were ever only filled with tuitions left and right, no play until you finish your homework, if you fail to memorise spellings you will be punished.

Back then I never really thought much of it. But now that Im in college, being exposed to a more western type of education system made me question this kind of practice. It never helpd me improve my academic. I was always dead last in class. All it ever did to me was lowering my self confidence and give me anxiety. I'm never going back to those times."	0
Just learning enough, moving on and iterating. Thats a great tip. When learning almost anything I tend to go deeper in one of the initial steps and feel stuck.	2
I love and ride both types of two wheeled  transportation ??. #GCNtech your talking my language!!	2
??????????????????	1
Shaders were super intimidating, but I spent a weekend learning them, and am so glad I did it. I feel pretty fluent in them not even a week later, and have been using them nonstop. I needed to use them for one effect, but the applications where shaders are useful keep appearing. Its definitely a tool worth having in your arsenal. And like visual scripting vs actual coding, being able to write your own shaders allows you to do performance things you wouldnt be able to do with visual scripting a shader.	2
Luis Diaz has a big heart, sharp teeth, and an amazing attitude for Liverpool.  Sweetest of goals.	2
I really want to know. Ive been supporting you for as long as I can remember since high school Im currently actually about to finish college at 21. Just curious what keeps you motivated to keep uploading this kind of content to this day?	2
Subscribe or Ill kick your face	0
I came here to learn how to trade after listening to a guy on radio talk about the importance of investing and how he made $460,000 in 4 months from $100k. Somehow this video has helped shed light on some things, but I'm confused, I'm a newbie and I'm open to ideas.	1
Semera is a gem! Spanish football are lucky to have a pundit like her. Puts the English ones to shame	2
The worst thing to happen to fashion was influencers who encourage always wanting the next instead of appreciating the now and the classic. Theyre so fickle and encourage everyone else to be the same.	0
Since Grox fired his most powerful weapon at Joofy, he probably thought Joofy did the worst job to entertain him.  I was so hopeful the dancer would win.	0
The best way to measure your investing success is not by whether youre beating the market but by whether youve put in place a financial plan and a behavioral discipline that are likely to get you where you want to go.	2
??????????? ???? ???? ????????? ??????? ??????.??	1
when its scary luke just makes it funny thats why hes my favorite youtuber	2
WHAT OTHER VIDEOS SHOULD WE REACT TO?	1
This is weird, my mom always tells this story how she saved my life because I was choking on my mucus and she sucked it out of my nose to get it out, felt like they were talking about me.	1
Just heard this on the radio. Its very catchy ??,  I like it ????	2
Bro Advance Congratulations for 1.5 Million... ???	2
We'll probably never see something like this again. Legitimately one of the coolest things I've ever seen in my life.	2
Fun fact: when you are happy you enjoy this song and when you are sad you understand its lirics	2
Goldmine or not, accepting this concept as the future of clothing is not only deceptive but it's also psychologically destructive... ill pass	0
Awesome ???? thank you so much for this detailed video I tried your techniques yesterday at my haircuts came out so clean ??????	2
"Everyone: Mumei, do not Google that! 

Mumei: Okay **opens Google**"	0
"I really appreciate this Shaq episode and the effort that went into making it. normal looking  things scaled up seems much like mr.beast kinda thing. think u got inspired by him. 
i have seen the giant toblerone before in  'Sorted'. the incredible cooking channel has shown the chocolate bar in their occasion based pretentious product series. it cost may be 70 pounds.but what u showed is probably bigger than sorted one.it's actually  cool.
and it is my  favourite chocolate bar too."	2
"If you want a role where you want to work only with AI and heavy duty programming go for a machine learning engineer job, if you want to do statistics and sometimes classic ML and analyze data go for a data scientist job. 

Working as a ML engineer you spend way more time reviewing and maintaining code (so it's more SE from one side), you use python for model development and c++/java for production (the role is building AI products, so you are all day reviewing, extracting and preprocessing data to then training ML models, evaluate them and match required KPIs)

In the other hand, data scientists positions offer what is described in the video: statistics and data preparation (engineering) and classic ML, there is more flexibility regarding tools and programming languages, and the final purpose is bringing value in a business perspective with the projects you have

For example, In ML engineering you get assigned some set of models that you have to maintain and improve, in data scientist positions you get several projects that constantly change. Both roles have their advantages and interesting scopes

I have been in both, my background is in statistics and I have been working as ML engineer in computer vision in the automotive industry for the last 3 years. Personally, I can say ML engineering is more fun, even more in start ups where you feel you bring a lot of value with your ideas about crazy AI methods"	1
Great cast and ???, the curse words in it though,,?! Karuru Kev from Limuru_Kenya. Tis Al 'curse words' up!!!	2
That's a good thing. And honestly it's probably been that way for a while, just that some people didn't fess up to it while it was illegal in their state. Plus some people get their nicotine fix from non tobacco sources now anyway, which wasn't really a thing until the past decade and a half.	2
Perfect time for me to find your channel, as I will begin pursuing an MS Data Science degree at Vanderbilt in the Fall. Looking forward to more great content from you!	2
I Knew Already, Some YouTubers I Used To Watch Had Them On.	1
The hypocrisy is out of control. Thanks Jake for exposing these hypocritical people. We NEED more of this.	0
Worthless movie and screwed up sound track ..... Don't even try	0
Dan continues to be a favourite for me. He's like the incredibly patient, but long-suffering Dad, who just gets on with things	2
In ww2, A dentist in the pacific was working as a surgeon when 5,000 Japanese soldiers attacked his position. He told the wounded to retreat and he held the base until he died. His body was surrounded by 91 dead bodies of the Japanese.	0
Celaine deserves a Nobel Prize for her greatness.	2
Instead of constantly clicking to select an element (especially within a group), you can press CMD, hover over the element you want, and click. It will select that element and save you from multiple (and very annoying) clicks. This was a big game changer for me that I learned while using Sketch. Works on Figma too.	2
Can you hold this for me at the end had me dead??????	1
Nice bro	2
I had a physics teacher similar to this my junior year. He always presented everything we were learning in a tangible way with real application. Looking back it was my favorite course.	2
Great event!	2
"""I lost a real savage to some bitch n***** only reason I cried"" I felt that RIP KING VON"	0
"*46:16*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
Subscribe and you can come next time	2
I just finished watching a documentary by a famous British historian about how people could possibly have been caught up in the Nazi regime. The documentary seemed relevant to this. This historian pointed out that each and every one of us likes to imagine that if we had been present at some dark moment in history, we would have been the ones to stand up, think independently and rebel. And yet, almost no one (if anyone at all) did this at these times. If you have grown up with everyone around you--parents, mentors, peers, teachers, leaders--all thinking one way, it takes a very rare individual to have a conscience of his own. It seems that in a very significant way, we are all defined by the circumstances into which we are born. Whatever your folks tell you and raise you to think, that is what you will be for the rest of your life. Unless you are one out of a million. From what this guy says, it is no surprise at all that he became what he became. We can never excuse terrible crimes, but we can try to understand them.	1
V khi ?ang c? ph? h? th?y h?u du? c?a mnh v? s?p m?t ender dragon bn hnh cho whiter ch? ko y?u ?u?i nh? h?	1
Sinceramente espero que Mojang nos sorprenda con mucho contenido y una optimizacin justa para comunidad. Porque Mojang lleva a?os haciendo mal las cosas.	1
I died at the dun dun! Cant wait for this show to come out!!	2
Dios mio! Que deliciaaa! Es increble todo lo que podemos lograr en la cocina. Se me hizo agua la boca	2
"""Everyone is intelligent but our grades made us idiots""

-Jabin Baret (2021)"	0
I see you Cody with those frisbee skills. I'm impressed!	2
UM BANQUETE LINDOOOOO COMO SEMPREEE !!! ADORO VER SEUS V?DEOS COM ESSAS VARIEDADE DE FRUTOS DO MAR ?? !!! OTIMO VIDEO ???????? GOSTAMOS MUITO DE VER E FAZER ASMR TAMB?M ??????????	2
Oh man haven't laughed that hard in front of a video in a loooooong time, thanks for making my day ??	2
The African leopard is the worst case scenario for humans. A complete predator which intermediates between lions and cheetahs. Swift, stealth, agile and resentful. You can run and climb but you can't hide!	0
"Preparing for interviews can be arduous because like you pointed out that different organisations have different definitions of a Data Scientist role and Data Science is such an extremely broad term that is often times disputed amongst people. You only find out when you sit for the interviews that the organisations sometimes are actually looking for a Data Analyst or ML Engineer or Data Engineer when the interview doesn't circle around what you'd imagine it to be. But that's the reality and thanks for pointing it out.

And most of the time I am just scraping and cleaning the data which definitely gives me mixed feelings about my job role. I could really relate to your experiences and it definitely resonated with me. Such an insightful video for the ones who want to pursue their career in Data Science because often times it can be misinterpreted."	1
"No one even comes close to Em. Flow cadence, story telling, accents, technicality and beats all fit for what he does.

He is the Greatest rapper by a mile and it ain't even close"	2
If you dont break character. You can actually make players think that the NPCs are starting to do really weird shit.	0
Im really looking forward to getting the smaller 6.1 inch iPhone 14 Pro Graphite 512GB????	2
Its every Indian/Asian parents worst nightmare for their kid to get a score physically impossible to improve or get better on lol	0
Congrats on your perfect score, Anna! You are doing an incredible job helping others to get a high score!	2
Glad Nintendo is still fighting in the console bussiness despite their ups and downs over the years! The gaming world is benefited so much with Nintendo in than without.	2
Fun fact on that last question: a good 80-90% of the foods we refer to as 'vegetables' are actually fruits, there are actually not that many edible 'vegetable' kind of plants. The reason these fruits are called 'vegetables' is a result of culinary distinction rather than a biological one, labelling the plant by its use in dishes rather than what it is categorically.	1
Something that can help with the storage is the new xbox feature, which admittedly is only available on games that support it, that allows you to delete certain parts of a game. Maybe you dont want a certain campaign, you can delete that and save on space.	1
?? ??? ???? ?????? ?? ?????	1
I really love the added player titles and medals awarded to the players at the end of each match. Not to mention, the music is HARD! Just 4 and a half months and the wait will finally be over!	2
We need more Britt coverage.  ??	2
So, do you mean that we use the lit. review on primary sources? Or can you make your own lit. review after you finish your entire research? Cuz it also means justifying the methods used in a research.	1
watching this 20 minutes before my sat ??	1
So beautifully spoken....thank God for Tamil Nadu....one state that never bowed down to who is in Center....God Bless TN and may such bold leaders come through.....Jai Hind Jai Bharat.....	2
????????	2
I'm so happy to see the live action version of Princess Fiona. Disappointed they left out Shrek...but Hulk is a good compromise	2
JR going wild when Cena returned in the royal rumble made the moment even more epic and iconic.	2
Nice music, love it??	2
Went without a job for over a year. Put in a lot of applications and got some interviews, but would not end up getting hired. Watched some of your videos over the past 2 weeks and now landed a job offer with almost +$20K than my previous job. Thank you SO MUCH!	2
"Whatever happened to the ""Communicating a Threat"" charge and now that it's against the FBI, you have to charge these people regardless if you feel if it's meaningless or not!!! When have the FBI been afraid to arrest people making death threats - what has happened to our Government??"	0
"Son unos XXLOVEZZZ.Uno de los mejores ?
Ma?as no se la..yt ??"	2
"?? Get the complete HTML/CSS course (zero to hero): https://bit.ly/3rUpjG4
?? Subscribe for more HTML tutorials like this: https://goo.gl/6PYaGF"	1
Dan continues to be a favourite for me. He's like the incredibly patient, but long-suffering Dad, who just gets on with things	2
This was one of the few programming videos which i completed fully, thanks to mike for explaining each and every concept crisp and clear. Eagerly excited to start my journey in programming	2
Honestly, nothing has tempted me into joining the mythical society until the counseling session teaser	1
Glory to our knights in shining armour. The sword and shield of democracy; Ukraine.	2
Great!!! You've regarded the subject from multiple different angles which help us get acquainted with the ins and outs of the topic. But there are intrinsic and extrinsic factors to be taken for granted to decide which texts are literature.	2
for years now I have had this overwhelming frustration when watching Chef John's videos...i just wanna give em more than one thumbs up.  such a legend	1
Im currently studying compilers and language design, I make programming languages basically, and your explanation of high-level languages to assembly was very good. It was simple and easy to understand, Im definitely yoinking it.	2
13 years old. Long story short, took a programming elective, and now I'm here. My father told me that once I learn to program(specifically python) and learn some sense of web design and development, hell hire me (he's an IT director; right below the owner of the company).	2
Always to the point ????????	2
"I feel bad for Hans. I can understand his ""chess speak for itself"" he was exited, and who won't be exited in that situation he just won a game against the best player of all time."	1
"I have to admit when Hillary first called these people a ""basket of deplorables"" I winced and recoiled in embarrassment, but now...."	0
Ficou muito bonito o switch! Agora  hora de ver o vdeo do melhor casal Nintendista! :)	2
imagine getting so good at your craft that you can reject such offers instead of celebrating that you've gotten such an offer. Goals man, Goals	2
"You forgot one of the worst things:
Because little ice age sparked crop faliures it also brought the REAL migrations of peoples from north (which is in achaeology one of the most important and devastating(for Romans) parts of history) it really brought a nail in the coffin for eastern roman empire"	0
I love how the ramen noodles man is just getting everything in his eye	2
"I'm so hyped for Starfield but I feel like I can't be 100% sold on it because of how this was basically what happened with Fallout 76, major hype then it releases and colossal flop.
I really hope Bethesda can deliver this time. ??????"	1
Finding out what bubble gum is made out of really blew my mind ??	1
berti verdammt guten job gemacht! gz	1
It's mind-blowing how you're able to explain so much in a single video, while being completely accurate, easy to understand and also funny. I think you're one of the best content creators on Youtube and this might be one of the best tech videos I've ever seen. Go Fireship!!	2
We should take the time to thank Nick for the constant uploads. These videos just keep getting better and better!	2
Magnus's reactions are hilarious. He looks genuinely shocked by some of the moves Ludwig plays.	2
It'll be epic if draugur compared with trophy truck than ramp buggy	2
"Time stamps 
5:25 air force 1s
11:38 Jordan 5s
17:34 yeezy
:)"	1
Amo los videos de este men , literal es dar el todo por el todo jajajajaja que sigue ?? Un comprando pases ???? xD no maaa	1
Nossa este dance pratice t incrvel amei a coreografia ???? pink venom	2
I used Dans exact script. I wrote everything down and practiced for a few days before my interview and when it came I nailed it! I could see it in the interviewers eyes. Once I ended by asking is this along the lines of what youre looking for?, it was game over. Got offered the job less than 24 hours later and higher salary than what I expected. Thank you Dan! You taught a man to fish.	2
This is truly going down a rabbit hole!!! I cant imagine the number of experiments that would have to be conducted to make such discoveries! And the amount of note taking and record ! This is brilliant! You have to be different to be able to carry on trying new way of doing things!	2
"for info: 
1) At 32:52, to avoid UserWarning: X does not have valid feature names, we need to train the model with the values of input_dataset. i.e, use X.values instead of X in model.fit(X.values, y). 
2) 42:04, joblib is now a seperate py package. we now need to import it as import joblib rather than from skilearn.externals. 
Anyway thanks Mosh for another great tutorial.."	2
Course starts at 16:14	1
Jimmy is one of the only people who can say I want to achieve the impossible and make it sound completely normal.	2
"I love how literal Elon is, it's refreshing.  Interviewer when referring to mars travel:"" How many people can you fit on the Space Shuttle?"" Elon:  ""The Shuttle is not capable of going beyond earth."""	2
One of my favorites couple mukbanger!   Keep grinding ka Rocah ????	2
"Hermosa eleccin babes.18kissx.Uno
de los mejores conciertos ?
22:22 Senada: ""Hermoso""
22:22 Megan: ""Hotter"" 
22:22 Hopi: ""Sweeter""
22:22 Yoongi: ""Butter"" 
22:22 Amor: ""Momentos"" 
22:22 Alfiora: ""Preety""
22:22 Alana: ""Awesome"" 
22:22 Joonie: ""Cooler""
22:22 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente zifn ?? 15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ?? "	1
I hear this at work like 10 times a day, and I'm whistling every time..	1
Hey, Jerry. Been watching you for more than 14 years now and I pretty much owe you my accent. Thanks for the chess analysis and English that you have taught me during this huge period of time. And I really would like to see your face while listening to you. Please keep it in your mind. You are excellent . Take care. ????	2
I am the softest bleeding heart you'll ever find, but when I hear about this guy killing and maiming innocent people who were just going to work, I really don't give a shit that he has PTSD. I have zero sympathy. It's one thing to beat up some guy who's in the racket, but it's another thing entirely when a guy who needs to pay the rent goes to work and gets shot by some tough guy yokel. Fuck that. .	0
Excellent list.  I would also suggest that anyone interested in Western thought, art, and culture develop a basic understanding of the traditional Christian Mass since that is foundational.	2
Id love this as a video game. Create a Skyrim-esque world except where dragons arent mythical creatures but wild animals that could have adequate intelligence and small levels of society (like a smart dolphin). I think the approach would be cool bc it could be a mechanism for keeping humans in a medieval age since dragons would prey on cities like wolves on sheep.	2
"I love the clear, visible and audible pleasure Erin takes in lines like ""it's a snake and it attacks!"""	2
I would have reasoned to option D: Being that E can be written as 3x3, one might imagine that E was spawned through the miscalculation of the square root of 3 component.	1
I wholeheartedly recommend that you read the new book After Steve. (The audiobook is great, too!). It discusses the dynamic between Jony, Tim and Steve - and Jonys frustrations after Steve passed. I think youd enjoy it!	2
Crypto and other markets have some rough roads ahead, but as Albert Einstein once said Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.  We will get through it!	2
This is absolutely insane, I love this video and the way it explains everything (though I guess that isn't specific to this video)	2
Hi I love your videos keep up the good work	2
24:00-- Maybe there testing cloaking technology.  Sounds about right.	2
I still never forget this song even it's been 5 years already, I somehow randomly remember this song, that's why I'm here	2
"You're a genius Iman. You supply us with the foundation for free, so we as viewers know where to start. Thus know what to research. But you also supply your own service with it all. It is absolutely brilliant. A fantastic ""ad"" if you will. Which shows how great of a marketer you truly are. Genius."	2
POV: When you want to close ur eyes and sleep, but u also want to see whats going on Edit: Omg thanks for the likes I usually only get 3!!!!!	2
I always need a shower after listening to our former Vice President.	1
Crash Course is literally one of the greatest things to ever grace the internet.	2
Thoughts and prayers to all of USA in waters. Stay safe. From the typhoon belt in the Pacific Las Islas Filipinas.	2
1:15 made me laugh way harder than it should have	2
I really havent wondered how bubblegum was made, but now Im glad I do know how its made. ??	2
"#suggestion
Ivan Sokolov vs Tiger Hillarp Persson
1997, Koge open, Denmark.
A wild and beautiful tactical game involving queen sacrifice and an awesome mating net. Definitely deserves a video. Do check it out!"	2
I absolutely love how this person presents everything like a movie, its just, its great and I love watching it	2
Second	1
I'm a senior computer science student and I have been programming ever since I was 12, although I definitely agree that computer science is the best major ever (maybe the best that ever existed) but the problem I see that a lot of people are getting into computer science just for the money, or just for the fact it is really popular right now and not for the fact that they are interested in computers and technology in general.	2
"I'm crying so hard my heart aches because I feel the pressures of the children from narcissistic parents who control their children ""too much"" and destroy their self confidence.  This speech is a breakthrough.   Thank you.  I love this."	2
"00:00 Introduction
2:47 What is Machine Learning?
4:08 AI vs ML vs Deep Learning
5:43 How does Machine Learning works?
6:18 Types of Machine Learning
6:43 Supervised Learning
8:38 Supervised Learning Examples
11:49 Unsupervised Learning
13:54 Unsupervised Learning Examples
16:09 Reinforcement Learning
18:39 Reinforcement Learning Examples
19:34 AI vs Machine Learning vs Deep Learning
22:09 Examples of AI
23:39 Examples of Machine Learning
25:04 What is Deep Learning?
25:54 Example of Deep Learning
27:29 Machine Learning vs Deep Learning
33:49 Jupyter Notebook Tutorial
34:49 Installation
50:24 Machine Learning Tutorial
51:04 Classification Algorithm
51:39 Anomaly Detection Algorithm
52:14 Clustering Algorithm
53:34 Regression Algorithm
54:14 Demo: Iris Dataset
1:12:11 Stats & Probability for Machine Learning
1:16:16 Categories of Data
1:16:36 Qualitative Data
1:17:51 Quantitative Data 
1:20:55 What is Statistics?
1:23:25 Statistics Terminologies
1:24:30 Sampling Techniques
1:27:15 Random Sampling
1:28:05 Systematic Sampling
1:28:35 Stratified Sampling
1:29:35 Types of Statistics
1:32:21 Descriptive Statistics
1:37:36 Measures of Spread
1:44:01 Information Gain & Entropy
1:56:08 Confusion Matrix
2:00:53 Probability
2:03:19 Probability Terminologies
2:04:55 Types of Events
2:05:35 Probability of Distribution
2:10:45 Types of Probability
2:11:10 Marginal Probability
2:11:40 Joint Probability
2:12:35 Conditional Probability
2:13:30 Use-Case
2:17:25 Bayes Theorem
2:23:40 Inferential Statistics
2:24:00 Point Estimation
2:26:50 Interval Estimate
2:30:10 Margin of Error
2:34:20 Hypothesis Testing
2:41:25 Supervised Learning Algorithms
2:42:40 Regression
2:44:05 Linear vs Logistic Regression
2:49:55 Understanding Linear Regression Algorithm
3:11:10 Logistic Regression Curve
3:18:34 Titanic Data Analysis
3:58:39 Decision Tree
3:58:59 what is Classification?
4:01:24 Types of Classification
4:08:35 Decision Tree
4:14:20 Decision Tree Terminologies
4:18:05 Entropy
4:44:05 Credit Risk Detection Use-case
4:51:45 Random Forest
5:00:40 Random Forest Use-Cases
5:04:29 Random Forest Algorithm
5:16:44 KNN Algorithm
5:20:09 KNN Algorithm Working
5:27:24 KNN Demo
5:35:05 Naive Bayes
5:40:55 Naive Bayes Working
5:44:25Industrial Use of Naive Bayes
5:50:25 Types of Naive Bayes
5:51:25 Steps involved in Naive Bayes
5:52:05 PIMA Diabetic Test Use Case
6:04:55 Support Vector Machine
6:10:20 Non-Linear SVM
6:12:05 SVM Use-case
6:13:30 k Means Clustering & Association Rule Mining  
6:16:33 Types of Clustering
6:17:34 K-Means Clustering
6:17:59 K-Means Working
6:21:54 Pros & Cons of K-Means Clustering
6:23:44 K-Means Demo
6:28:44 Hierarchical Clustering
6:31:14 Association Rule Mining
6:34:04 Apriori Algorithm
6:39:19 Apriori Algorithm Demo
6:43:29 Reinforcement Learning
6:46:39 Reinforcement Learning: Counter-Strike Example
6:53:59 Markov's Decision Process
6:58:04 Q-Learning
7:02:39 The Bellman Equation
7:12:14 Transitioning to Q-Learning
7:17:29 Implementing Q-Learning 
7:23:33 Machine Learning Projects
7:38:53 Who is a ML Engineer?
7:39:28 ML Engineer Job Trends
7:40:43 ML Engineer Salary Trends
7:42:33 ML Engineer Skills
7:44:08 ML Engineer Job Description
7:45:53 ML Engineer Resume
7:54:48 Machine Learning Interview Questions"	1
Really resourceful. This course helped get up to speed on the subject. Thank you Edureka	2
Thank you for mentioning the Siddis. They were an interesting African people who came to India as slaves with Islamic invaders. Despite their enslaved condition, some managed to rise above their station and became rulers of kingdoms in many parts of India. One of the most famous Siddi ruler was Malik Ambar.	2
Great remix, thank you for the lovely music. Quick question, is this safe to use on a youtube video?	2
"Great explanation: ""building products vs discovering insights"""	2
For an interesting read, some people may want to check out The Penelopiad by Margaret Atwood. It's a novel that was later turned into a play and tells the story of Penelope in Ithaca while Odysseus was gone. It's an interesting contemporary view of a classical text.	2
I found those churro chips in a local H Mart, and they are seriously addicting. Had to stop myself before eating the whole bag right after opening it.	2
This was funny asfff I love watching your videos absorber you never disappoint us??	2
The Thats how ya do it! is just so charming in how its said	2
Hey guys, love your work. I went to pre-order Modern Warfare 2 from the Xbox store yesterday, and was quite surprised to find that its priced at ?69.95 - have you covered this? I think it may be the first ?70 Xbox game Ive come across.	2
This was very entertaining. You are like the Ryan Trahan of cubing ??	2
Its odd that everyone knows college is nearly useless yet every business requires you to have it just to be considered for an interview.	0
Bom Som????????	2
How come Guy didn't comment on the food?	0
Your music has been there for me in my lowest moments, I hope it's with me till the end as I grow and learn	2
Hello, I've been watching this youtube channel a lot and found it really helpful. If you don't mind me asking a simple question? Is it quite common to solve normal algorithm coding test (the one that for SWE for usual) for a DS interview? Thank you.	2
"Could you please do some more live videos in the future? 
Also, I appreciate that Petunia worked hard to draw 41 minutes of pictures and animations to help us students study for tests! :)"	2
THE QUALITY OF CONTENT THIS MAN BRINGS US TO ENTERTAIN US .IS JUST HUUUUUUGE!!!!.	1
Com tanto efeito verde ao mesmo tempo e com essa qualidade incrvel, j j aparece o Dollynho com uma capa de super heroi! Minha Srie ??????	2
"The most important thing I took away from my programming professor is: if your code is doing the thing you intended it to, that's the right way to do it.
Don't get hung up on 'doing it the right way', you can always optimize later"	2
Hey Forrest! I'm starting as a freshman in a few weeks and I'm wondering what your thoughts are on pursuing a computer science degree online as apposed to a physical college. Any insight would be greatly appreciated! :)	2
Ty Dolla $ign voice works really good with Jacquees voice	2
I have a PhD in AI and I can say that Andrew is THE BEST machine learning/AI educator I have ever seen on the field! The deeplearning specialization is just invaluable for any interested learner in DL.	2
Hugely excited for the new re-designed Apple Watch. I had high hopes last year, however, I was a bit disappointed when we didn't get a fresh new design. hopefully all the rumours are true for this year - and if so, I'll definitely be picking up the new Apple Watch!	2
Truth be said, Cash Money really dominated the music charts for a long time!	2
Yeah, we are most definitely going to inevitably be our own downfall.  We may have the tools and technology to weather some disasters, but we depend so much on the infrastructures we have set up, to the point where most people probably wouldn't know what to do without wi-fi and cellular data, let alone weather catastrophic effects on our food sources and supply chains.	0
Doesn't Jackson's response sound EXACTLY like tRump wrote it?! ??	0
"It's not a trick, it is their hard work.
They practice 5 to 6 years to get the perfection to solve blind folded or in 10 seconds."	1
Let's all appreciate this content this man makes	2
Smart rickroll and so smooth edit.	2
It's like Netflix for history... Sign up to History Hit, the world's best history documentary service and get 50% off using the code 'TIMELINE' https://bit.ly/3dPKsuC	2
The return Of Legend ???? love u Ron bhai big fan	2
To the person reading this, Good Luck! Don't stress, everything will be fine. No matter what difficulty you are facing right now, you can overcome it! You are strong and brave???	2
Kudos to the inventor, what a cool idea!  The future starts now. And if its Olor and Tingboy approved, it must be fun.	2
"seeing this guy grow from 20k to 100k gives me peace
I love the fact that you have never failed to entertain a niche audience
and your discord is very supportive"	2
All high school juniors, hit the like button for good luck!	2
I graduated with my BS in Computer Science 16 years ago and, I must say, this video is a good conceptual refresher.	2
The detail and thoughtfulness some of these people put into their packaging is just insane. Obviously, whether the product itself is actually good is another matter, but just the sheer creativity, beauty and detail in the presentation would probably make me wanna order from them again even if the product itself wasn't anything super special. That kind of packaging makes receiving the product an ~experience~, like getting an incredible, delightful present. I would be smiling like crazy and squealing with delight as soon as I open a box like that, would probably make my whole week. These people are so cool and I admire and respect them so much	2
Those first couple minutes made me feel like I jumped into the kool-aid without knowing the flavor. Then they kissed and I was oooooh ok we're lemonade mixed with saddness and betrayal. ??????	0
"This made me google ""judge vs. magistrate judge.""  The response most suited to my question read:  ""Generally, both judges and magistrates have the same general authority when it comes to hearing your case, ruling on objections, and determining the outcome; however, a judge has more power than a magistrate. Also, appealing the decision of a magistrate and a judge illicit different processes as well.""  Further reading of google blurbs revealed that magistrates can only decide civil cases.  They can handle pre-trial issues in criminal cases, but they are not the last word, the ultimate decision maker, in criminal cases.
Any knowledgeable lawyers or judges, out there, please respond whether this is correct.  Thank you."	1
????????????	1
The parents need to go to jail, for allowing their daughters to be allowed to be with  r. Kelly	0
Love Kristens laugh! ??	2
Mrbeast doesnt go to the bank to get money. The bank goes to Mrbeast to withdraw money..	1
"This helped me soo much! I was really on the fence but I'm leaning towards Software Development just because I have serious doubts that I could present the Data in a parsable/usable way. 

I like coding, so I'll stick with that, but I also LOVE working with numbers, so I'm hoping I can land a Data Analyst job somewhere down the line. Thanks for providing the insight."	2
not you being a literal life saver! im graduating early and i had no clue what i could do with my applied mathematics degree without going to grad school, and the way you describe this (the constant learning, the work environment) honestly makes this sound like the job for me :) thank you!	2
Myyy man, I been listening to this guy since before he even had his own channel and his shit was posted on some account with a Chinese profile picture, feels hella good to see a rapper youve been listening to blow up so fast????	2
Good interview! But as someone who has already know the concept of data science and machine learning, I'm actually interested to know what are the differences between a data scientist and a ML engineer. Hope this question will be answered in a future video :)	2
This music is amazing God my heart. Stumbled upon them whilst searching guitar videos for lessons now I'm playing along	2
This was so specific to me. Thanks	2
I know this video is about literature but I cannot stop admiring the artwork! ??	2
Send this vid to andrew tate	1
Your speech at the end of this video really struck me. It makes me so happy to hear someone able to take their dream and make it a reality! Both your channel and Real Engineering are two of my favorites for interesting and niche technology and science, and I am always excited to see a new video :) THANK YOU for being you and sharing what you care about to the rest of the world.	2
Haven't watched yet, but just seeing Chris and Jimmy together, you know it's going to be awesome content	2
I got 25 seconds in and already call bullsh*t. I paused the video to comment,  but started reading other comments. I was amazed because every comment shows disdain for our media, including CBS News. SMH. Caused me to forget my original and now meaningless thought.	0
"20rg

1.  9:47


2.  10:30


3.  11:20


4. 20rg 11:46
"	1
Soy de Costa Rica pura vida amo a dimash el es el mejor del mundo ????????????????	1
"Hey guys! I am going to share my timeline with you 
Day 1: 38:40
Day 2: 1:08:57
Day 3: 1:40:09
Day 4: 2:08:02
Day 5: I finished it!"	2
He seems fair indeed and ethical. I can see why google fired him.	1
The Ussop moment before the finisher really made this the best main villian finisher in the series. So much better than the Laido finisher	2
cant wait to try this look! ??????	2
THIS PLAYLIST IS A LIFESAVER. I actually stopped feeling anxious and could study while listening to this playlist.	2
"The Sumerians were beautiful artisans! Ive seen Queen Puabis artifacts at an exhibit in the Penn Museum in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and they really stuck with me. Before you said Puabis name, I already felt the footage you were showing looked familiar. That doesnt happen to me too often with historical societies (and I go to a lot of anthropological museums), really a testament to how strong of an impression seeing their crafts will leave on you! 

I really recommend anyone who is able to, go visit the Penn Museum. The exhibit on Queen Puabi and her people is pretty extensive! The jewelry especially is so ornate and finely smithed, its amazing to think how long ago people were already incredibly skilled in making beautiful things."	2
Great recommendations list, Darren. Ronin and the car chases, awesome and has a great plot. Silence Of The Lambs; just a superb horror. Agree that Anthony Hopkins is on his finest day, with his portrayal of Hannibal Lecter. Just received my latest Universal Yums, from Czech Republic, today 9/23/2021!!! Many thanks for sharing with us and catch you on your next presentation. Take care ??????	2
He seems like the younger, nerdier, slightly crazy brother of Alan Rickman ??	1
Alternate title: Minecraft, but the difficulty for my computer increases	1
Good video as usual ????	2
"I love the drawing and spider man new suit, it is like he wear ""anti goblin suit"". And I like Mark drawing of ultimate spider man style."	2
Just wanted to thank you, Richard, for your great instructional videos which I'm happy to say helped me to land a great job amidst a lot of competition. Even with 15+ years in HR having done hundreds of interviews, I still found your content very helpful and insightful. Your videos also helped me to feel relaxed, prepared and confident. I happily paid your modest fee on your website as a token of my appreciation. Thanks again!	2
The fans eruption on both goals and on the final whistle brought tears to my eyes	1
Trs belle vido le son et l'image est waou. Moi aussi j'ai une cha?ne o je parle de l'info du jeux vido passer faire un tour	1
The one fear I have with these things is accidentally swallowing them. It's easy to forget they're not really ice cubes. I'd use a straw with these 100% of the time.	0
Thanks, Thomas for being so transparent in your journey as a GameDev. You level the playing field by showing us that the grass is not always greener on the other side. You expose the struggles and show us encouraging ways to conquer the challenges along the way.	2
"Summer in the UK

*THE SUN IS A DEADLY LAZER*

Winter in the UK

Not anymore there's a blanket   -clouds-"	0
You can realy see the evolution of Jacob jungle from his first vid to his last	1
"1:29 dont worry hes just in creative mode
nothing wrong with going into creative mode in real life ??"	2
Delicious ?? food	2
Awesome analysis ? as always .. Right Hand Salute ?? Sir!	2
??????	1
the point that he makes at around 18:45 is so critical. I wish my university prof that would have taught us things like that from the beginning. big thanks to you, I am not sure where I would be in my undergrad without you!	2
I'm just impressed how fast you can solve an 1980's cube	2
i love how she always wears the same themed hair makeup and clothes! i love it	2
Stay Strong Ukraine Russia go home	1
Just relaxing ??	2
six hours she's been sipping that coffee, legends say Lofi Girl is still sipping till this very day. (and the donuts, dunno why she hasn't eaten those)	1
Ive been trying to grow my portfolio of $460k for sometime now, my major challenge is not knowing when to sell or hold.	0
Even after 6 months, a few movies released and few changes in the slate, THIS... this still feels powerful.	2
I've read that hydrogen can work it's way through any container material. In your piece about graphen it was  stated that it is impermiable to gases -- even the lightest one. Assuming the narrator meant hydrogen, it might be a solution to the long term storage of hydrogen, perhaps.	1
Believe or not but Poco x3 Pro id still king ?? I am using it from 10 months...I can Play with recording + constant 60 fps	2
"?Timestamps?

0:32 - south Korea
1:11 - Nigeria
1:49 - Trinidad and Tobago
2:30 - Haiti
3:00 - Italy
3:39 - United states
4:07 - Jamaica
4:38 - Dominican Republic
5:18 - Guyana
5:42 - China
6:24 - Mexico
6:55 - United Kingdom
7:19 - Thailand
7:49 - Colombia
8:30 - Puerto Rico
9:03 - Armenia
9:32 - Peru
10:05 - Pakistan
10:48 - Brazil
Okay last one yessss 
11:15 - Egypt






Omg it took a lot of time pls pin me so that everyone can see their cultures comfort food"	1
More from this series, like Rome, Egypt, etc. this is from an era when the History channel actually showed history.	1
"Oi, Raffa, tenho 14 anos e faz 1 ano que jogo xadrez, o seu canal foi o primeiro que conheci,  desde ent?o aprendi muito com suas anlises, amanh? vou participar de um torneio de xadrez aqui da minha cidade, ontem joguei uma partida contra meu amigo e fiz trs lances brilhantes, estou muito orgulhoso da minha evolu??o, me arrisco a dizer que isso se d gra?as a vc, muito obrigado por proporcionar seu carisma e suas anlises para o pblico iniciante!

PGN:

[White ""Mickael""]
[Black ""Ruan""]
[Result ""1-0""]
[Termination ""Mickael won by checkmate""]
1. e4 g6 2. d4 Bg7 3. Nf3 d6 4. Nc3 a6 5. Bd3 Nd7 6. b3 c5 7. Bc4 cxd4 8. Nxd4
Qa5 9. Bb2 Ne5 10. O-O Nxc4 11. bxc4 Qb4 12. Rb1 e6 13. Nxe6 fxe6 14. Nd5 Qxb2
15. Rxb2 exd5 16. Rb6 d4 17. c3 dxc3 18. Qxd6 a5 19. Rd1 Bf6 20. e5 Bg5 21. Rc6
Bf5 22. e6 Rd8 23. Rc8 Bxe6 24. Qxe6+ Kf8 25. Rdxd8+ Bxd8 26. Rxd8+ Kg7 27. Rd7+ Kh6 28. Qh3+ Kg5 29. Qe3+ Kf5 30. Qc5+ Kf6 31. Qd6+ Kf5 32. Qd5+ Kf4 33. h3 Nf6 34. g3#"	1
"I love how Chris uses I have a child excuse to get away with everything 
Lol"	2
Grandes atores que j se foram. Mesmo num enredo simples e quase c?mico, eles , com suas firmes atua??es, transmitiram  impacto e emo??o em seus desempenhos. Kirk Douglas ( nesse filme ele j estava bem idoso ) viveu mais de 100 anos. Morreu de velhice.  James Coburn deixou-se engordar com mais idade, engordou demais e morreu de ataque cardaco. James foi grande amigo e aluno do inesquecvel Bruce Lee.	1
Even when Andy isn't trying to be a genius, he is.	1
I love the fact he feels so guilty about the Cheese Chicken - I'm half expecting a unplanned FKN Delicious video where Calvin turns up at Sonny's house and spots him eating it through the window, for Sonny to panic that his secret was exposed	1
As a software engineer, I still find this fascinating!	2
"*53:17*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
Oi irm?o Problems tudo bem com voc consiga realizar todos os seus sonhos este ano,	1
I'm loving reading the comments on this video - some of you genuinely excited, some of you genuinely terrified... and some of you a bit of both! It's interesting that we've had the language processing side for a while, but when we put it in a physical form like a roaming robot, it really shifts our perceptions of the technology ??	2
Thanking Coldplay for a super fab performance on 21/08/22 at Wembley Stadium with guests Laura Mvula, London Grammer, Stormzy, what a day you gave us.  An even bigger mention to my partner for surprising me to a massive event...what a shock and surprise.....thank you all, I will forever remember my first ever event.  Extremely emotional and grateful for this experience.  Shame I can't upload photos/videos. ???????????????	2
There has to be a factory that generates these ideas. Consistent uploads, each with completely different topics? Woah! ??	1
1:17:06 huge W for admiting that, it takes a lot of courage, idk If you will read this but If you do I want you to know that I respect you a lot	2
"*19:57*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
Super yummy ??	2
Rich the kid Amassou demais que flow ????	1
"Since I was little I knew Id rather live in the street than become a wage slave and have to relive the school experience of being told what to do. Having to negotiate with incompetent managers for a 5% increase every year just sounds insane to me. I studied software engineering so I could build my own tools and sell them. Took countless 70+ hour work weeks but the work does pay off now own half of a successful tech startup. Currently using that income to start two other companies with virtually no competition in my area in other industries Im interested in.

Entrepreneurship is the way. Made my first M at 26. Currently 27."	0
This tutorial is the greatest there ever was! We got our son a rubix cube for his birthday and we have been working on solving this and it finnally paid off! Solved the cube because of this tutorial and it was glorious!	2
Subscribe or I'll hurt your pinkie	0
"She said Danny plays an ""aggressive style"" but actually, if you look, he is quite positional. Loves the two bishops and throws in an h4 to throw off his opponent. He tries to make make very tiny advantages that eventually point at your king. I simply love his playing style!"	2
Watching someone who knows nothing about speed cubing is mildly entertaining	1
I love how much effort he puts into his videos?? Zach has yet to disappoint??	2
Szia rolix nagyon jo hogy most mr t?bb video van! ??Igy tovb mester, ??	2
I wish i had that room	1
THANK YOU FOR POSTING SO MUCH ??????	2
1:08:26 what a headshot in close range,??	1
The respect he shows every ingredient is amazing. Sushi is part art and part food in my eyes. Every step is so precise.	2
3 games in to the season might seem like a bit too soon to be worried about this Liverpool team but, the early indications are that the Liverpool midfield is literally paper thin when it comes to resources. As a long time LFC supporter I can't help but compare the decision to let Sadio Mane go to the same situation with Xavi Alonso some years back. I think that J. Klopp is going to have to put in some serious time working with this squad to get anywhere close to a top 4 position this year. Hope I am wrong but, if I am being honest Man. Utd should have been 4-0 up at halftime.	0
Any of us would get Months in jail for drunkenly crashing and Injuring someone	0
I love how he randomly used obama as a trigger word ??	2
"Nao me canso dessa track.
TooHot"	1
C'est quand mme dommage... qu'il n'y ai pas des aspirants champions de Khorne.	1
"PS fanboys: ""Game Pass is full of fodder that no one wants to play""
Also PS fanboys: ""Can't wait for Life of P"""	0
I don't even feel upset anymore for having my data stolen. They earned it. They win.	1
This is lovely to hear how you found a whole community and amazing that you spent so long persistently making stuff, especially over a year of daily art. I just discovered Core, but didnt realise its a creation tool, I havent loaded it up yet and they described it more as an arcade full of games. Ive had an idea for a cat game for ages since I got three kittens last year and theyre hilarious, I dont suppose theres a basic cat model to edit. I draw and paint some, but the oomph goes too easily, I just got back into gaming after a while and you saying I was a bored artist resonated. Ive been wanting to do more with characters I was writing a story for too, heck I even learned code a few years ago, but my passion for websites waned and I found I didnt love battling all my errors enough to keep going. So this all seems fun ??	2
That was extremely helpful. Wish they would've shown that in school when we were learning about databases and MySQL.	2
Ci totem c cnh gi?ng vex v allay nh?	1
"Independent developers should bookmark this + ""Cursed Problems in Game Design"" also hosted by GDC. 
2 of the best imo"	2
Hey Fam ??I am a Nigerian ASMR mukbanger but I love Korean meals which is why I love Ami and all she brings here. I am going to try your recipe, thanks for sharing my beautiful sister. You are the best ??	2
"I liked the part, "" raise and spend money."" Something they're all good at. How about fixing our Country or helping the people. Collectively they've raised Billions in campaign money, but I'm driving over potholes big enough to swallow a VW"	1
"Hmm... I'd still go with the Steam Deck. This is more expensive and looks like it performs worse. The only thing going for it is the OLED screen. Plus I think the Steam Deck will last longer, with it's powerful hardware and Valve's continued support. 
Plus I'm not sure how to feel about Aya Neo. They release a new console every 6 months, which makes me question their dedication to support in the long run. And they were WAY too expensive, and probably only brought the price down on this new one because of the Steam Deck.
Edit: Should probably finish watching the video before writing a comment because you said pretty much everything I said haha."	0
This is the best lecture ever i had heard since my 18 years right now.....Thankyou man!??	2
Bro i am planning to buy msi gf 65 thin with it 10 gen (6 cores 12 threats) linked with rtx 3060 (75 watt) 16 gb in built ram at a price tag of 80 k	1
Michio is such a gem for the world.  Pushing our minds is always a good thing! I don't understand most of his ideas, but I try, it he is so inspirational!	2
I really like Tilda Swinton in this movie and even though a lot of people didnt like it when it came out, I did. Im glad youre watching it now Greg!! Good stuff!!	2
This is a song that I will listen to over and over again and not get tired of	2
I just catched up with the whole year of 9th grade and I have never understood chemistry this good. Thank you!	2
So proud of these ladies ???? They beat a Jamaican team with 3 of the best sprinters weve ever seen. Absolutely incredible.	2
"4:26 The British East India Corporation didn't just ""Muck "" with the Indian/Bangladesh textiles, they literally had mercenaries go around cutting off the thumbs of Weavers ,and smashing their looms.  This is called the Deindustrialization of India and south east Asia.  All this information thanks to Shashi Tharoor."	1
Ch ri ?i Garena s?a vng quay ma thu?t ch?a ? n?y chu v?a ch?i v?n kh quay ra m?ng ma thu?t ??	1
"Hey me and my little cousin have been watching u for years
Now and we rlly hope u notice ????"	2
"The fact that she takes her time so that we can hear more outstanding noises/sounds.
She also puts a decent amount of time in to every sound.
And she takes her free time to get herself ready prepare everything that she wants to use and then spend over 3 hours for us????"	2
I was honestly terrified of Abomination in Hulk Ultimate Destruction as a kid. I hope they don't ruin him	0
I really enjoy the episodes where Calvin appears, he's just the perfect complement for you Sonny, your chemistry just makes the videos really interesting, funny and enjoyable	2
These issues are not growing pains! It's risky business.	0
I knew he was saving this for the midterms.	1
I'm not terribly familiar with her, but you have to give this woman props about being *honest* and upfront about getting botox, fillers, and laser/light procedures! She's not selling an unrealistic beauty expectation by not disclosing all that, which is far more than a lot of other people can say.	1
I love how the spicy cereal guy poured the whole bottle of source then said thats enough	2
"I hate when these ""feminists"" talk about how ""men don't know how to be gentlemen anymore"" even though whenever we try to be ""gentlemen"", we get called simps. It's not that we don't know how, it's that we aren't allowed to be gentlemen anymore"	0
Wanted to wish everyone a Happy Wednesday today & love watching your video game news everyday Jon keep up the great Work! ??	2
"Agar value mili ho toh SUBSCRIBE.
You can also follow my awesome reels on Instagram: 421gadgets"	2
I can't wait to be done with this SAT so that the burden can be lifted :(	2
"1.Hermosa eleccion Sweet.Xxlovezzz.Uno de mejor ??
2. elecciones  9.4/10 
3. culturales )l 9.8/10
.


.
""Son unos de los mejores conciertos""...."	2
it would be awesome to have a list of all the books referenced in this video. Thanks for this!	2
When I saw the first Avatar, I commented to my wife that there was no water creatures. As a former sub sailor, I am really looking forward to The Way of Water.	2
"S?a l?i nh: thg dng tri h??u cao c? ?? t? CP9 sang CP0 (fan c?ng OP)
V?i l?i, cho t?i xin link modpack ny v?i"	1
I just love how this video is an amalgamation of all the past videos you have produce so far. Thanks again for this wonderful food for the thought Eizelg?nger ??	2
In my hometown in Vi?t Nam when I was a child, we raised cows and we also ate placenta . It was not an everyday treat and in my opinion it is a delicious delicacy. So fascinating to see some Thai folks enjoy it as well.	2
I dont know why yall didnt see that coming- he literally had a sugar daddy	0
"hear me go on a rant,


nic, these are literally friday night funkin morphs, not the actual rainbow friends morphs. thats why there's a sing option, because friday night funkin is a rhythm game, its a really cool game, you should check it out sometime."	2
"""stop premature christmas decorating""
every single filipino: well shit"	0
When I first watched this I was so hyped up I was cheering for Luffy to win I felt nervous and also I felt like I was there in a way	2
04;57 - I did this playing soccer for my high school during a game. Very memorable and always fun to think back on.	2
My mother used to use plastic ice cubes back in the 90s . I impressed all my friends they were colorful and cool . I also was the first vegan on my block , my friends would beg for our vegan food which was really just regular food with no cheese or meat haha . Yeah I miss those days . Havent tried the metal ones , nice	2
"This was inevitable.  University tuition kept skyrocketing over the past 20 years. Tuition has greatly outpaced both inflation and incomes for college-aged students. 

The entire Millennial generation became de facto indentured servants from their college debt. Basically financial slaves to their debt.

Education can be very useful for employment goals, but there are limits. And we are approaching that limit from a cost to value perspective.

Generation Z is not stupid and they are declining to voluntarily set themselves up for a lifetime of paying back student debt. (Trust me, Gen Z:  you do not want to find yourself in that situation. It will steal years, if not decades, from your life. And you will never get that time back.) 

Also most skills of the high demand and lucrative software engineering tech jobs are not taught in college, but rather can be learned just as easily by anyone with a cheap internet connection and sufficient motovation/focus. 

It's common for software developers to earn 6 figure salaries with no college at all.  Companies do not care where you went to school or even of you went: they only care if you have the skills that can help solve their business problems.  How you go about acquiring those skills is totally irrelevant. The company doesn't care if you learned to program Java at college or on your own.

It's high time that universities start to feel the sting to their annual profits as more 17 and 18 year olds wake up and push back on the cost of attending college."	1
"""Na minha cultura, a morte n?o  o fim""??"	2
As a Playstation fan I really hope the deal goes through! Theyve relied on cod marketing to boost their sales since the beginning of the last gen. Sony will have to innovate and become more attractive in other more interesting things than COD.	2
A cool-toned smokey eye is literally my every day go-to. ?? This challenge is super fun though, I wanna make a video like this! ????	2
Is it weird that I used to think he is an average student? Dude, he's one of the outstanding ones	2
I want there to be a 10 hour version of this!	2
HOW IS NIKKIE SO GOOD AT MAKEUP ??	2
"Domino's India have deteriorated a lot over the years, their cheese burst doesn't burst anymore, stuffed garlic bread doesn't have cheese in it, and most importantly they don't use ""cheese"" anymore, it's all veg-oil based cheese substitute. Even their customer care and store staffs are not as good as before. I used to love Domino's before but now it's a nightmare."	0
TOP 40 Songs of 2021 2022 \ Best English Songs (Best Hit Music Playlist) on Spotify	1
"Saudades do Gnio Stan Lee!
Faz muita falta!!
Pois quando morreu, morreram com ele, a originalidade de seus personagens e suas histrias!!!
Descanse em paz!"	1
Hearing what you said made me sad never think your worthless believe in yourself never let the opinions of others stop you or bring you down I suffer mental health issues and I feel this way about myself alot I hate seeing other people feeling the same because I know how bad it feels I pray you find strength in yourself x	0
You left off the most important consideration: How many bottle holders do you have?	1
Is this an alternate Gibi universe timeline where Gibi actually liked the planes that flew over her house so much that she decided to become a flight attendant?	1
I am getting close to perfect in writing and math but I am getting like anywhere between 3-7 wrong in reading section constantly wiuthout any real pattern. Any tips?	0
I really appreciate your effort, you went through each and every sample paper solved each of the questions and selected out the hardest questions for us. thank you ??	2
#82 5:05 he pushed it into his own net????	1
I feel I have witnessed this before	1
PULL UP TO MY HOTEL, LIKE IM CASSIDYYY????????	1
Quality music never gets old.	2
"A sixth sense that almost no other mammal has.



I, a mammal, also have an electric bill"	1
Mrbeast, I have an idea. Make a free ATM machine. Let people take money as much as they need.	1
All that food looks delicious ?	2
Firouzja and Pragganandhaa are both playing very well at this age, the future is in the hands of these two young men. But I can't say which one	2
The game has a really nice identity, I'm happy to contribute to it, Noah manages our project wonderfully and Nikita impresses me since the beginning with his pixel art. ??	2
Which basic concepts of physics would you like to learn more about?	1
"The reason why #1 works isnt just because of the method, but because in the first case you only have one finger; the center of mass is always a point, and since youve only got one point of contact where your finger touches the cane, there is effectively a 0% chance the center of mass is exactly on that contact point, and thus starts leaning towards one side or another.

If you use the second method, theres two points of contact, and thus as long as the center of mass is in-between, it cannot tilt. You can try finding the center of mass on your own, with two fingers together, without using the special method, and just doing it normally, and youll see it works fine.

TL;DR: You dont need a special method to balance on the center of mass, you just need two fingers so that there are two contact points for the center of mass to be between."	1
This is amazing. You are so confident and it makes the whole video look better. Just a tip. If you wet a q-tip just a little bit, you can get any mascara or eyeliner smudges off super easily.	2
A viagem e a companhia dos meus sonhos????	1
Surely, corner taken quickly should be up there, too. On the other hand, it's refreshing to not see Federer this, Federer that, when it comes to tennis.	1
Were you studying for the SAT while you had school? if so then how much time did you study everyday for the sat? compared to your school hw?  thank u sm xoxo	2
He definitely making his mark as one of the greatest in the game .	2
The delivery was definitely illegal and unprofessional. We all love you atozy, we all truly hope you win! You have much evidence going for you, this dirt bag shouldnt win.	0
Chandler is so entertaining, his jokes and dances crack me up every time.	2
I absolutely love watching you guys converse about technology.  Great video!	2
"I love the fact that you put hilarious search histories 
at 2:33 this is the kind of content YouTubers need to make keep up the good work ????????"	2
Lopes vc  demais, e  muito carismtico	1
Izleyecegiz ! ??????????	2
To anybody who's reading this, I pray that whatever is hurting you or whatever you are constantly stressing about gets better. May the dark thoughts, the overthinking, and the doubt exit your mind. May clarity replace confusion. May peace and calmness fill your life. ??	2
< first got into BTC back in 2016 and have been hodling/buying assets at different price points since.  I've been through corrections before and will likely experience more over the future.  Volatility is simply the price one needs to pay if they want to play.  I don't have any Alts as I'm a bit of a BTC Maxi, but that said, if BTC hasn't died before, it surely won't do so now.  Stick in there - yes we are all feeling the pain, but over the long run this will just be a blip.  This is how I see past corrections when I felt that I got in at a high (back then I think it was less than $1000 and bouncing all over the place!).  Now when I look back, all I see is regret for not having the courage in buying more at those times. But if you believe BTC has value, then by all means, buy the dips if you can afford to.  For those who got in at 60 or 70K and feeling the crunch:  hang in there.  BTC is not a get rich quick scheme.  Wait it out and you will see:  you will come away stronger.  I buy and just trade long term more than ever, I have made over 11` btc with 3.1btc in just 5weeks from day trading with Expert MR. Leon Calvin Crypto in few weeks this is one of the best medium to backup your assets incase it goes bearish. Technical analysis is my second You can reach Mr. Leon Calvin on ?eI???m @ leoncalvintrade.  Cheers thank me later.	1
I'm a Tesla fan boy but why didn't Tesla develop it's own operating system.	1
Love that Rashford didnt make that first question about himself. Knowing he hadnt any goal contributions in the prem in months he put the club first , class ????????	2
"He: puts the cube in the strange shape
Me: being annoyed that he put orange to red"	0
im glad to see chandlers back, he hasn't been on this channel for a while	2
"I have many hidden talents
What are they?
I dont know, theyre all hidden.."	1
Thanks for creating this site. .Although I am a retired physicist, it is exciting to read about what discoveries are being made, particularly in quantum world.	2
Bolsonaro  reeleito em 2022	1
I want my Xbox s to be a always online server for gaming and with the new deal with unity maybe some game dev oooooo	2
I'm so happy that you started giving courses on machine learning. I appreciate your clear teaching style.	2
I took it at the end of my sophomore year and got a 1310. Just took it again 2 months into junior year and got a 1400. My Superscore is a 1440 combining my 2 tests. Hoping this video helps me reach the 1500 I want by the end of my junior year.	2
"Hey Robert, I've used Apple products since the 80's, owned since the 90's  I love apple products, but they have left me in a position I never thought I'd be in with them.  My late 2015, 27"" iMac is one of the models to get cut off from macos 13.  That's not a big deal.  What bothers me more is there is no 27"" iMac  with Apple Silicon.  It's been the perfect combination of space saving, and nice big beautiful display.  There current line up is just something I'm not sure what I want.  Mac Mini, or, Mac studio + Apple Pro display may end up costing more than the iMac did to get something equivalent 

I have two years left of security updates for Monterey, which is good.  I'd rather have an older computer that runs well, and meets my needs, than buy something new that I wouldn't enjoy using.
On that note, my AppleTV (s) and iPhone will get the next updates, so will be able to look forward to that."	2
"Sniperwolf: DONT GOOGLE THIS STUFF!

* instantly googles *"	0
"Literally  ... one of the best movie of bollywood...
How bollywood was used to be...??"	2
Unfortunately I wasnt able to make it live but I do have a question. How do you resolve Shadows of the Past with Phoenix.  It seems a waste to have this restrained/unrestrained status mechanic only to have SOTP say just forget all that	0
??????? ???? ?????? 2 rs ???????????? ??... No need	1
Hope we go back to 60k soon	2
"The question I want answered is how did top secret documents kept in a secure location only to be viewed by someone with the highest security clearance who had to request then be approved and then wait in a skiff for an armed guard to bring said documents where they may be viewed sans any electronic devices and then when finished viewing surrender any notes taken and finally replaced under guard to top secret storage make their way to the trump White House.  Pretty good question.
Then, it begs the question who in the trump administration had the security clearance to get them and how were they removed?  
Just asking!"	1
I think a chuggalug girl could give me the problems that I have been missing.	1
I'm a junior who's trying to get a 1470+ on the SAT this year. I took it last year and got a 930. I have to study like hell.	0
"? Boruto reaction Mashup List: ????? https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLiV1v91AnLo5ZKbOQdQnzZjAbTFegZ8Y2
? Shippuden Reaction Mashup List: ????? https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLiV1v91AnLo5jDlHFT5fFO1oJNxGIPs7s"	1
I think that this is certainly a cube needed now. It brings to fun things together that everyone loves and I'm sure it is sooo amazing to have.	2
Spread the word- respect for the editor that counted every single time they drove through	1
"She Hulk- im better at controlling my anger because I control my anger infinitely more than you.  I control my anger when im catcalled in the street and when toxic men explain my job to me 

Do the writers even know Bruce Banner at all? Or do they just look at him as a man that gets angry and turns green and big. Because that line of dialogue was ridiculous.  Bruce banner was abused as a kid, watched his father figure beat his mom to death.  Bruce tried to off himself and failed.  Bruce has to live with the fact that Hulk took control of his body and mass killed innocent people in Avengers 2.  

Absolute ridiculous writing."	0
"Personally, I think education (or, specifically, a lack thereof) is one of the strongest driving forces behind things like this -- because ignorance breeds fear and distrust, especially in things that are new or foreign.

When I was in elementary school, back in the 70's, I was reading my way through my school's sci-fi section. It was just a few shelves, but it had almost all the classics... Asimov, Bova, Bradbury, Campbell, Clarke, Doc Smith, Heinlein -- and then I got to Verne. I'd just finished up 30,000 Leagues and was getting into Journey to the Center of the Earth when I found a page had been ripped from the book.

Being a good student, I reported it to the Librarian... but instead of focusing on the missing page, she was outraged that I was reading this particular book. It was ""above my level"" she said, and ""too difficult"" for me. This was a hundred-year-old story at this point, and I was pretty sure it wasn't a difficult one to follow -- the movie was even one of my favorites every time it aired on Creature Feature on Saturdays! But she still took the book away... and over the next few weeks, that sci-fi section became empty shelves as she removed and locked away almost all the books there.

A short time later, I overheard her talking to another teacher about, of all things, a ""shooting star"" -- a meteor that many had seen a night or two before. The Librarian was mocking the teacher because ""a shooting star is impossible -- the Heavens are permanent! The stars don't move!"" As the teacher tried to explain the idea of a meteor, it seemed to both terrify and outrage her. And the longer that conversation went on the more even I (maybe 10 or 11 years old at the time?) realized -- the sci-fi books she had removed weren't above MY level, they were above HER level. She had no understanding of science, and all these sci-fi stories about starships, robots, and alien worlds were things that she just didn't understand... and because of that, they scared her, so she locked them away.

And unfortunately, it sounds like that sort of mindset hasn't changed all that much in the 40 or so years since then."	0
Nh4 attacks the Queen. Qe5 or Qd5 looses the Queen after Nf6+. Game over!	1
Whoever arranged the orchestral parts is brilliant. Instead of the usual treatment of trying to fit the song into an orchestral piece, they fit the orchestra to the song. This has got to be one of the best, if not the best, orchestral versions of a hard rock/metal song I've seen.	2
Perfect timing! We have two blueberry bushes that give us about 2 gallons of blueberries every summer, tomorrow the picking begins and will continue for at least two weeks, can't wait to try this recipe!	2
"""It was a beautiful car explosion. A perfect car explosion. People tell me they've never seen such as perfect car explosion."""	2
Useful to the best and helped me to correct my mistakes in understanding... A proper differentiation is given between genres and sub genres??	2
"actually, i have a plenty good options for the game.

those options are:
- player has 200 health points
- the turret has a field of view / a.i. (if it sees the player, it'll shoot.)
- health and power pickups
- airborne / aerial targets (such as drones, heavy gunner drones, scout drones, etc.)
- ground targets (such as beam-shooting mechs, enemy balls (similar to the player but a little bit dumb), and laser artilleries.)
- the tank can destroy the turret (since the tank has the same weapons as the turret, but it has significantly high damage on every shot from the tank.)
- grenade-type weapons and projectiles (i meant by that which has new weapons to choose, such as full-auto grenade launcher with a very low rate of fire, or just a single-shot grenade launcher, similar to the M79.)
- the shield can spawn by using a shield powerup :)
- the player can shut down the turret's system

i hope this guy would see this :)"	2
"The minecraft way:
Step 1: Build a 'temporary' box house or cave home
Step 2: After playing for awhile and gathering materials, prepare to build your new house
Step 3: Look up some builds people have done for their houses for inspiration
Step 4: Realize that to accomplish any of those, you'll need to get 10x the resources you already have and spend like 10 hours of dedicated building time
Step 5: Stop playing for 8 months
Step 6: Start playing again, but feel completely lost and confused as to wtf you were doing
Step 7: Decide to start a new world so you can just start from the start instead of trying to remember everything from your current world
Step 8: Return to step 1"	0
  !   !	1
Thank you for posting this video. This past year I migrated to a new work role and am listed by my employer as a data scientist.  This video confirmed my understanding and also cleared up confusion as many people, my employer, and consumers of our products have different views of a data science work role.	2
Ive commented on a previous video he put out around a year go that I was gonna get my life in check, lose some fat and get healthy, I can happily say Im down 97 lbs I weighed in this morning at 209 lbs and honestly havent feel better in my life, thank you for the motivation I needed, I hope you find happiness in your life	2
I didnt even try, I just needed a good laugh today and this was perfect	2
"?? I'm very honored to be the opening track of this beautiful compilation with ""Cherry Tree"". I hope you guys enjoy it ??"	2
"""I've been down my whole life, and now look at me now.. LOOK AT ME NOW!""

God those words... 
tears are speaking"	0
Sarah jeste? niesamowita, przepi?kny g?os, jeste? naszym promykiem w czasach mroku. Dla mnie ju? wygra?a? !	1
"""You can't attack a more powerful force as a resistance member""

Tell that to the taliban buddy."	0
You guys should get a world wide credit for any improvements in the field of CSE in upcoming years. Thank you for giving us these things for free.	2
Please react to devdas this movie has the best cinematography award and best actor and actress and director award and for best film and one of finest films ever made in India. And the performance of the actors was on ????	2
That was astonishingly well written, edited and generally put together. Thank you for the work you put in, Jeff. That was a trip.	2
Telegram Channel to Join: https://telegram.me/s/cryptokingkeyur	1
"<High inflation was never a reason to sell<The definition of inflation is that prices go up versus fiat, essentially. Logically, that would make sense even for stocks, but especially for a commodity that's been known for many years as an ""inflation hedge."" My growing love for crypto caused me to explore until I came across Alice Marcella (although I'm trying to avoid sensationalism) Alice is by far the best. No hype for hype's sake, but great inspiration to trade Crypto.
The market has been irrational for far too long. What we're seeing today is a small correction of the illogical selling pressure."	2
I love how you guys do your hair! This school year I wanted to start curling my hair and I never knew how, but Ive always wanted my hair to look like your guys! So this was perfect! Love your guys channels so much!	2
You have the best science channel on the web, hands down. It easily rivals anything Ive seen on television.  I am so damn impressed with every video Ive seen from your team, and you deserve many millions of subscribers.  Thank you for a consistently incredible and enriching source of entertainment and education!	2
I got a 1190 on my first practice test, then a 1470 after two weeks of studying and 1530 two weeks after that. I've still got a baaad feeling about the real thing tho	1
im actually so impressed with how much he was able to buy for 100$ ??	2
u honestly turned quite fast on the 1980 cube lol	2
I think thats what Im most afraid of C getting internships early. Im currently a freshman in college majoring in CS, and I have little to no knowledge about coding. So, when I try to apply for internships, Im afraid that these jobs that an intern does will involve hacking Amazons database or something wild.	0
Ich denke immer, wie will man dass machen, dass es nicht langweilig wird, immer verschiedene Bosse zu t?ten und sich davor auszursten, aber Basti schafft es jetzt schon zum Xten mal Respekt ??	1
High On Life is Conker but as a first person shooter I''m hyped for that game. Lies of P is the successor of Bloodborne. Callisto Protocol looking good. Sonic Frontiers I'm impressed. Atlas Fallen and Dead Island 2 oh yea! ??	2
Probably the most views he's ever gotten on his farewell	1
Mario is PSPACE-complete and factoring is in NP \cap BQP. It's a bit misleading to say that all that stands between crackers and your data is a mario level, because breaking encryption is much easier than beating Mario.	1
Respect to this lad! Just solved my first 3x3 cube and it took me 2 hours.. I cant imagine how difficult that must be... amazing!! You earned a sub mate!	2
The fans support of Saliba is unreal, going back to the own goal last week. The whole fan base wants him to succeed, he could have an amazing career!	2
"Hope this will make your life easier..


00:47   , Unit Conversion
13:22   , Metric System
21:24   , Distance & Displacement
24:32   , Average Speed & Velocity
27:30   , Acceleration
32:52   , Kinematics
40:46   , Vectors
56:00   , Projectile Motion
1:15:40 , Newton's Law & Force
1:21:18 , Friction
1:26:36 , Mass & Weight
1:39:18 , Energy
1:44:12 , Work
1:50:52 , Circular Motion
1:57:00 , Gravitational Acceleration
1:59:44 , Centripetal Force
2:01:30 , Tension Force
2:05:39 , Momentum
2:06:12 , Impulse
2:10:32 , Inelastic & Elastic colltion 
2:14:39 , Rotational Motion"	2
Unless you want to go from Kelly to R.Kelly that was fantastic.	2
"Hi Ritesh! I'm a Brazilian student, I've been studying for the SAT like crazy for the past months. My goal is a 1500, but I'm stuck at the 1460! :( I've scored 1500 a month ago on mock but only 1460 ever since, and I feel it is a lot due to my mentality/stress. Do you recommend anything for me to ""relax"" or review so I can actually get a 1500?"	0
Scott, I'm becoming a skeptic of your show. It's interesting but not much gets solved, and some of it is pretty far fetched. You didn't even convince the guy at the lab on this one. You do need skeptics on your show just to give a counter argument instead of people who just agree. There could be logical reasons that your show is not presenting that may counter what you show.	0
"I thought I was going to end up skimming or closing out this video early, but this video was very well edited.  I was hooked on each play back to back without feeling bored.  The audio also was well balanced too and didn't have to worry about the next play being too loud or too soft.  Just like what drummer386 said a couple months ago..  ""Awesome job!!"""	2
"Chess is not only a game
It's Emotion??"	2
"Respect for teachers is not just about the salary -- although an increase in salary is sorely needed. Teacher pay has always been lower than other professions with the same education and experience. It's also about respect for the profession. Student behavior, in my view, can be linked to the disrespect for teachers they're seeing parents, administrators, and politicians demonstrate. Hiring a person trained as a soldier to teach is VERY disrespectful to the profession. As a teacher, I don't feel qualified to do the job of a soldier; i respect the profession too much. The ""anybody can teach"" attitude is not only insulting, it's ignorant."	0
"In the '80's, I used a different strategy to solve this problem, just for my satisfaction. I based my solution on the way Nature would create an inner expanding bubble until touching all the nodes with minimal tensional energy. I used Basic in an 80286 PC, with about 100 random nodes. A short program with less than 100 lines of code was enough to get satisfactory results.
Edit: minor grammatical correction (English is not my first language, sorry for that)."	1
Just have to say this is the best primer Ive seen for this game. Fantastic coverage, Tom :)	2
"Any nation that expects to be ignorant and free expects what never was and never will be  
Thomas Jefferson"	0
I used this script exactly the way Sifu worded it. Many of my interviewers commented on this and they appreciated the clarity and conciseness I offered them with this one answer. And it was because of following his advice, I am able to sign my job offer letter as we speak. Thank you so much, Sifu. You are more impactful than you think.	2
*My first, hearing this. Its like am in a new place but old memories sneak in. Thanks for this new experience reminiscing my past. Ibang klase.*	2
In a heartbeat, I'll vote for her.????	2
"Hi everyone, exactly a week ago, we conducted a contest in this video. The answer to the question is given below:
The correct order of working for Neural Network with explanation: 
B. The weighted sum of inputs is calculated
A. The Bias is added
D. The result is fed to an activation function
C. Specific Neuron is activated

Explanation: In a neural network, each neuron in one layer is connected to other neurons in the corresponding layers. These connections carry random weights. The weighted sum of the inputs is calculated, and an additional input in the form of bias is added (w * x + b). The result of this is fed to an activation function. Based on a particular threshold value, only those neurons get activated that crosses the threshold value.

We are pleased to announce the 3 lucky winners who got the right answer for our quiz:
1. Divya Maskar
2. Kartik Singhal
3. Michael Ipinolu
Congratulations to all the winners! They've won an Amazon voucher worth INR 500."	1
Love diamonds bedroom ???? its so shiny and beautiful	2
I haven't finished yet, but wonderful explanations and great examples so far. With teachers like this learning is a joy	2
Need the album on iTunes!	2
Thnx for this amazing vibes ??	2
But it's okay to invade Ukraine but once Russia is getting attacked its a crime	0
I recently discovered your channel and Id just like to say thank you for these very useful campus tours, I havent been able to find any tours of certain campus more so any that actually go into the buildings and explain the cool features of these universities. I cant wait to see you do Standford, Princeston, UCLA, Berkeley and the one I hope will be your next Yale	2
Myself during this Bear Market only trying to focus on BTC, AMZS22, ETH, SOL, MATIC. not losing sight of BNB and GALA. ????	1
I am cozy and my kids are fast asleep to this amazing set list.  Thanks for sharing	2
Hello Gangsam, your are so colorful that make me hungry too much, I really love your videos????????	2
I gotta hand it to you Tyrone, I don't know how you didn't break this time around, you had some strong willpower there.	1
"*...along with 200 employees of course!* LOL
That's a really good point I just want to tell those who come up like *hey so im basically making gta 5 in unity, and ill release it on steam next week*"	2
I took Ng's class on Coursera years ago. It switched my career trajectory from academic to industry, and spurred my interest in making things. Awesome to see this interview!	2
"Kya Pakistan War Karne Ki Soch Sakta Hai ????????
Pakistan Ne Air Force Jets Ko Bhi Fly Karne Ka Oil Nhi Hai ??????"	1
Casemiro would be a fabulous signing for us i cant bear to watch McTominay play again	2
Like if you're a Nutty Historian ????	1
That is a load of crap!  The reason rents are going up is Corporations buying up rentals - houses, apartment buildings and then escalating the rent to make money.  Mortgage rates are not that high -look what they were under Reagan 18.5%, now that was high.	0
Gran explicacin, he pasado horas intentando entender qu es Machine Learning y finalmente lo he logrado. Saludos y xitos !	1
"I need help. I have Math 730 and I really sucked in reading with 430??
I don't know how to get 650  a least.
English is not my first language."	0
"I'd love to see a more in-depth video about the mechanics of how the stacked sheets create virtual atoms!

What are the limitations? Are there any conceivable functional/commercial uses (beyond research).

What an exciting development in physics research! I'm surprised this is the first I'm hearing of this technique/technology."	2
thanks yvngxchris for blessing my ears once again with another amazing song	2
What's your biggest take away from the talk?	1
I think she should run for president, as a Democrat.	1
I took like a 7 year break from watching Brandon. I came back and he still managed to make me laugh. He is an absolute legend for keeping his personality the same. Many people just age and are never the same, Brandon stayed the same. I ain't a kid no more, but still his humor is top notch and can put smiles on a lot of people young and old.	2
"We are all waitting for 4500 days video man!!
Keep it up with most amazing content ever"	2
The 13 year old dude just has humor dude	1
Thank you! I am now part of the small percentage of people to completely solve a Rubik's cube! Couldn't have done it without this video.	2
I also know how to solve this pyramid	1
How to compete an entire passage within 13 minutes...??  Even after so many attempts I'm still taking 16-17 minutes to complete one. Can you help me with any tip...??	1
You should watch the original movie featuring R Madhavan and Vijay sethupati..... it's a masterpiece ??	2
Nice when your sponsored and you can count on these wins. So it sucks others in thinking they'll win.	1
*Ty is the definition of **_chill_** we need more of him PLEASE*	1
Ok but.... What happened to the rest of the footage in the first video? Something that easily could have been a puppet or prop being controlled from behind, we don't see it go further into the room or exit back through the doorway?	1
Feeling reassured after watching this. I am a late entrepreneur, 48 years old. Had been working in the same industry as my current business for past 20 years. Made enough money ??. Now in my own company i am doing A to Z, right from making sales calls  to project management. One day i will make my mark like Mr. Mark.	2
Putting up the name cards whenever you mention or remention people (or say he) is an underrated genius move. Its so easy to keep track thanks to it. Wish other documentaries would do that!	2
I had an excellent, and very intense mathematical statistics professor for whom varying teaching style *WAS* his teaching style. I recall, one day for an hour long lecture, he came in and wrote notes and provided examples and proofs, and he never said a single word. In another day, he switched his handwriting to beautiful, perfect cursive. He was a bizarre teacher, but pushed me to the absolute limit. Great prof!	2
I love this movie, thank you.	2
Have you ever heard of the 1982 animated movie A Flight of Dragons. They answer a lot of Dragon biology questions like the fact that Dragons can fly because they are essentially organic hydrogen balloons and they breathe fire to vent it off.	1
why this guy look like harvey weinst?in	1
I'm from Mars I like Earth song specially Ethiopian music??	2
Quality quality quality is everything about this channel. Arun makes my mood happier video after video. Let's be searious, the best part about this channel is Arun making his jokes and when he shows tech.	2
allah?m o nas?l gzel bi kombin yapma ?eklidir. a??k oldumm melomm a??r? yak??m?? f?st?k gibisin ma?allahhh :D	1
"What a Sunday 
Champion Vs challenger  
Magnus Vs pragnnandha
 it's going to be a cracker ??"	2
I really love how you cook in a clean environment and how you take your time cooking love ur videos	2
What a great channel!	2
Impossible not to love mitrovic. He plays with so much passion	2
"0:15 - Sky High Sundae (New)
0:44 - Kalimari Dessert (N64)
0:50 - Mario Circuit 3 (SNES)
0:55 - Mushroom Gorge (Wii)
1:01 - Sydney Sprint (Tour)
1:17 - Waluigi Pinball (DS)
1:52 - Snow Land (GBA)
1:59 - New York Minute (Tour)"	1
3 Years Later : Still watching without having one	1
even though im not updating my phone this year. its always cool to see whats coming and whats new so im excited to see ios 16	2
"????????? ????? ?????? 
??? ????? ????? ????? ?? ???? 
????? ??????? ????? ????? ?? ??????? ??????? ???? ?? ????? ?????? ??????? . 
???? ???? ??????"	1
Legendary video. As usual.	2
its insane that you have 3 videos and are doing this well that just proves that your content is amazing keep it up	2
"Directioners, repeat after me:
*THIS IS NOT THE END*
*THIS IS NOT THE END*
*WE CAN MAKE IT, YOU KNOW IT, YOU KNOW*"	1
I hope they continue to get more put of it in the future as well. We need to finally leave last gen development behind and focus on the Series S as the base for optimization going forward. It's the perfect 1440p console and it pairs perfectly with 1440p monitors at the moment due to 1440p scaling at launch and a decent internal upscale for older content when displayed on a 1440p monitor. You can't touch the value at this price point.	2
Thank you so much! I am so happy I found your channel. I am a software engineer, worked for 2 years. Now, I am willing to transition my career to data science. I am a person who try to go in-depth into a topic and due to which at some point I get overwhelmed and discouraged. Your videos  provided me great tips like study just whats required and implement it. Also, you have given some resources to learn. Thank you! Please continue to share such more informative videos. I am going to stay tuned and also start teaching myself the skills to be a data scientist. Please wish me luck?? Thank you!	2
"Timeline 
00:00 Introduction
01:06 Timestamps
01:23 Script and Visuals
01:34 References + Research
01:56 Questions
02:12 Shameless Plug
02:51 What are Data Structures?
04:36 Series Overview
06:55 Measuring Efficiency with BigO Notation
09:45 Time Complexity Equations
11:13 The Meaning of BigO
12:42 Why BigO?
13:18 Quick Recap
14:27 Types of Time Complexity Equations
19:42 Final Note on Time Complexity Equations
20:21 The Array
20:58 Array Basics
22:09 Array Names
22:59 Parallel Arrays
23:59 Array Types
24:30 Array Size
25:45 Creating Arrays
26:11 Populate-First Arrays
28:09 Populate-Later Arrays
30:22 Numerical Indexes
31:57 Replacing information in an Array
32:42 2-Dimensional Arrays
35:01 Arrays as a Data Structure
42:21 Pros and Cons
43:33 The ArrayList
44:42 Structure of the ArrayList
45:19 Initializing an ArrayList
47:34 ArrayList Functionality
49:30 ArrayList Methods
50:26 Add Method
53:57 Remove Method
55:33 Get Method
55:59 Set Method
56:57 Clear Method
57:30 toArray Method
59:00 ArrayList as a Data Structure
1:03:12 Comparing and Contrasting with Arrays
1:05:02 The Stack
1:05:06 The Different types of Data Structures
1:05:51 Random Access Data Structures
1:06:10 Sequential Access Data Structures
1:07:36 Stack Basics
1:09:01 Common Stack Methods
1:09:45 Push Method
1:10:32 Pop Method
1:11:46 Peek Method
1:12:27 Contains Method
1:13:23 Time Complexity Equations
1:15:28 Uses for Stacks
1:18:01 The Queue
1:18:51 Queue Basics
1:20:44 Common Queue Methods
1:21:13 Enqueue Method
1:22:20 Dequeue Method
1:23:08 Peek Method
1:24:15 Contains Method
1:25:05 Time Complexity Equations
1:27:05 Common Queue Uses
1:28:16 The Linked List
1:31:37 LinkedList Visualization
1:33:55 Adding and Removing Information
1:41:28 Time Complexity Equations
1:44:26 Uses for LinkedLists
1:47:19 The Doubly-LinkedList
1:48:44 Visualization
1:50:56 Adding and Removing Information
1:58:30 Time Complexity Equations
1:59:06 Uses of a Doubly-LinkedList
2:00:21 The Dictionary
2:01:15 Dictionary Basics
2:02:00 Indexing Dictionaries
2:02:40 Dictionary Properties
2:05:53 Hash Table Mini-Lesson
2:13:26 Time Complexity Equations
2:16:39 Trees
2:16:55 Introduction to Hierarchical Data
2:18:54 Formal Background on the Tree
2:20:03 Tree Terminology and Visualization
2:25:08 Different types of Trees
2:28:07 Uses for the Tree
2:29:00 Tries
2:29:50 Trie Basics
2:30:41 Trie Visualization
2:34:33 Flagging
2:35:15 Uses for Tries
2:38:25 Heaps
2:38:51 Heap Basics
2:39:19 Min-Heaps
2:40:07 Max-Heaps
2:40:59 Building Heaps
2:44:20 Deleting from Heaps
2:46:00 Heap Implementations
2:48:15 Graphs
2:49:25 Graph Basics
2:52:04 Directed vs. Undirected Graphs
2:53:45 Cyclic vs. Acyclic Graphs
2:55:04 Weighted Graphs
2:55:46 Types of Graphs
2:58:20 Conclusion
2:58:43 Shameless Plug"	1
"Do you want a sequel?!
- Leave A *LIKE* & *SUBSCRIBE*
- Full Length Watch Alongs & MORE For Sexy Rejects! https://www.patreon.com/thereelrejects"	1
Me meo con el momento Jessica Gao eres el mejor, to!!! ??	2
7:39 bro I died of laughter ?????? like poor Randy didnt even do anything ??	0
This hint could also be about Always On Display feature..	1
This vibes Makes me crazy love from ????	2
This is why I need a boyfriend ??????	2
I was unable to take admission to an engineering college to pursue Software Engineering due to my financial conditions. But I never lost hope I am studying on my own self and I feel privileged that I came to know about your channel. Thank you so much for such valuable content.	2
Her expressions are so good, her videos makes you feel like you're joining the meal	2
Love how to survive ?? useful	2
trs bonne vido j'ai dcouvert ta cha?ne il y a pas longtemps franchement pas d?u continue comme sa ??	2
Besides AI, Im more impressed with this mans deep knowledge of everything. Excellent guest	2
"""If he was winning nobody would be talking."" 
Very true words...hopefully Hans will comeback..."	2
i could listen to her talk all day. even if it was just her reading the dictionary	2
Rafael  voltei essa partida umas 20 vezes tentando entender. Kkkkk top. Puro mortal combate.  Fatalite	1
"It's a bit of a hard read at first, but ""Le Morte d'Arthur"" is another great piece of late medieval literature dealing with the Arthurian legend."	2
Thank you Lord Jesus????	2
I had my interview today and it went well after listening to your video yesterday. She asked several questions that you addressed. Thank you for your help. ????	2
Three things I LOVE about this channel: the lofi, the artwork, and the positive comments.	2
sometimes i come here to sleep, sometimes i come here for commentary, sometimes i come here for gameplay. you really have it all and i love watching someone whos passionate abt what they do and is as much of a geek as i am! keep up the incredible work :D	2
"About seeing things that couldn't be seen:  in the early 70ties me and a friend saw some seals at my summer house in the north coast of Sweden, but no one believed us and said ""there hasn't been seals here in 100 years"". I went back to the same place in 2020 and while taking a boat tour I was told that the seals now actually had returned!  *We were right the whole time!*"	1
Pin	1
Damon when he doesn't know what's going on is hilarious	1
Ngl that professor has a lot of patience	1
All the musk haters who said he was doing this for laughs are salty rn	0
< first got into BTC back in 2016 and have been hodling/buying assets at different price points since.  I've been through corrections before and will likely experience more over the future.  Volatility is simply the price one needs to pay if they want to play.  I don't have any Alts as I'm a bit of a BTC Maxi, but that said, if BTC hasn't died before, it surely won't do so now.  Stick in there - yes we are all feeling the pain, but over the long run this will just be a blip.  This is how I see past corrections when I felt that I got in at a high (back then I think it was less than $1000 and bouncing all over the place!).  Now when I look back, all I see is regret for not having the courage in buying more at those times. But if you believe BTC has value, then by all means, buy the dips if you can afford to.  For those who got in at 60 or 70K and feeling the crunch:  hang in there.  BTC is not a get rich quick scheme.  Wait it out and you will see:  you will come away stronger.  I buy and just trade long term more than ever, I have made over 11` btc with 3.1btc in just 5weeks from day trading with *WTRADE INSPECTS* , in few weeks this is one of the best medium to backup your assets incase it goes bearish.	1
Jimmy: The most important thing is you won $6000! What are you going to spend it on? Chandler: My dog??. Lol ??	2
"*26:10*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
Has this ai been programmed to answer this specific questions? Or was this the first time this AI got asked that exact questions? Because that would be very impressive.	2
This is pretty insightful and inspiring. Also great progress! Keep it up!	2
The reason why Pennywise said fear when he was defeated is not because he will spread more of it. It's because he is feeling fear. And he let go for 2 reasons. So he can go down to his lair and because he's in shock	0
This guy has had too many hits to his head.America you are in trouble??.	0
"2:08
Can we all just appreciate how HUGE the animatronics are? Foxy himself is probably 7' 5!"	2
"3:13 hilarious review ????????
I am Pakistani and I always wait for KRK videos, by God big fan KRK bro
I watch your videos everyday because you always made my day with your incredible review, also I'd say KRK's viewer doing unfair with him because he deserves like similar to views, everyone must like his videos because he is doing hard working for us and he always keep us updated about bollywood activities and news, so he deserves for views, like and followers.
Love from Lahore, Pakistan"	2
Depends on the company lol, my company was on a hiring freeze from 2021-2022 and now is hiring software engineers en masse.	1
As Stephen Hawkins said Once they open Pandoras box she ain't going back in ??	1
Let's all appreciate the content this man and his crew makes it's just a masterpiece imagine what's he's gonna doing in the future ??????????	2
This is brilliantly done - congrats :)	2
"Sign up for Whatnot and follow me so you don't miss the auction & giveaway: https://whatnot.com/invite/tronicsfix

Live auction will be August 29 at 11:00am PST. Be sure you're following me as only those following me will be eligible for the giveaway."	1
"Level 1 : Explains Machine Learning
Level 2 : Explains Machine Learning
Level 3 : Explains Machine Learning
Level 4 : Explains Machine Learning
Level 5 : Chat"	1
I wish I had this resource 15 years ago when I was struggling through my 1st semester of Computer Science learning Java. I was so lost I totally lost interest in attempting coding, but this makes me want to give learning programming another go.	1
Kuya ash may bago update nanaman yung backroom morphs nandoon napo si simpsons	1
Love that you stay true to yourself when it comes to speaking your mind.	2
so as a technician I worked at a dealership (two actually) owned by the same guy. He has like 10 different dealerships and he is insanely wealthy. Like, he owns all of this property north of a major highway and is literally like a king in these lands. To be honest he also seems like a pretty nice guy.	2
I deserve the vbucks because Ive watched your channel for a 2 years and I would love to gift several of your subscribers skins	2
My advice: Get into your school's CS discords and class specific discords (if they have them, or make one if there isn't) . Graduate and undergraduate students work together to give lots of resources for all students and it help a lot. Especially with what proffesors are good and bad, they help with assignments and even answer general questions.	2
Despite what the social media and news wants you to think, we can build a great future.	2
I just got my hair all poofed up, me and my friends are dressing like its the 80s to go bowling. I ??% recommend doing this with your friends	2
Here is my story: Im currently thirteen years old and have been programming for a year. I started off with the basics of C for a few months, then I moved on to Python (Im currently a Python intermediate) and now I started learning Java. I think what kept me going was practicing and building my own projects. I was fascinated by the cool games and projects I can create, and that made programming even more enjoyable to me. I would also recommend finding a coding partner or a coding club (as suggested in this video) because you can help each other out and build projects together. I personally wasnt able to find a coding partner of a coding club since not many kids my age know how to code.	2
The visuals always on POINT! Cant wait to play this in my classroom for summer school. Students always ask Coach wheres Mr. Fox music ????	2
"Studying
1st grade 00:46
2nd grade 01:42
(Maybe) 3rd grade 01:28
4th grade 01:45
5th grade 01:57
6th grade 01:51

Homework
1st grade 00:56
2nd grade 01:20
3rd grade 01:57
4th grade 02:12
5th grade 02:22
6th grade 02:01

Exam
1st grade 02:36
2nd grade 02:51
3rd grade 02:57
4th grade 03:03
5th grade 03:15
6th grade 03:28"	1
Still the best series to watch while indulging in a meal. Can't believe it's already the 47th video!	2
Great stream! Really love seeing the passion and enjoyment you all show for the game. Its also obvious how much you understand the core of characters and continually being that across in your designs. Thanks and keep up the good work!!	2
Thank you for the course. It's very helpful for me ?	2
*To reach your potential, you need to start working towards it* Investing remains the smartest way to prepare for the unexpected. Been in the space for 6yrs and extremely pleased with the decision I made. The good news is - it's not too late	2
"GET MY 24 SUPER ANSWERS >>> https://passmyinterview.com/super-answers-to-tough-job-interview-questions/
Watch this video now: https://youtu.be/KCm6JVtoRdo"	1
Essa msica marcou minha vida ??	2
"I've worked for about 2 years with ML/computer vision and a lot of the things in this video resonated. When I started out I was frustrated that I couldn't dive directly into designing new advanced mathematical models right away but I realized there are a lot of ""boring"" things that need to be in place before that's even relevant (data curation, annotation, testing frameworks etc just to name a few). There are a lot of interesting problems to solve along the way that I probably wouldn't even realize existed if I stayed in academia for a PhD. 

I think there is a point to be made for switching back and forth between learning ""tools for the sake of tools"" and solving problems though. As long as you spend enough effort to make some progress each time it can really help keeping things fresh"	2
August is the WORST month for retail. They're trying anything to get you to spend	0
Cest quoi le jeu  la fin de la vido ? Si cest bien un jeu	1
This is what happens when you talk to a highly educated n qualified person... All class and no trash... Wish we had a finanace min like u sir.. Respect from kerala.	2
Great explanation, I loved the way you explained it! I'm excited to see more!	2
"I absolutely love the cousin rivalry these two have; Bruce's, ""Little punk"" and Jen's teasing makes me incredibly excited for this! Bruce has been a comfort character of mine for a while, and I can't wait to see him some more, with the addition of a new hero. 

I will say Bruce seems unbelievably upbeat through everything he's been though from his childhood to the end of the infinity saga, but I'm glad to see him less awkward and more confident in himself :)

(I understand this is about introducing Jennifer to the MCU but If we don't get a little of Bruce's backstory, perhaps provoked by Jen making a remark about childhood stuff I will riot! /J )"	2
Man I'm thankful for all of your efforts to put on a great show. Even going as far for extreme life threatening measures and you deserve all the love.	2
O Senhor do Xadrez: As Duas Torres	1
Thank You Hank for acknowledging the constant change in our understanding of the world. It amazes me that even just 5 years after this video went up, the taxonomic system has changed so much that my college Biology of Organisms course has to teach an entirely new classification. Science has made a victory in the description of Supergroups and the integration of the meltingpot that was kingdom Protista into groups which better fit their traits and evolution (just as you hinted might be a good idea).	2
"??""Wow... a 2 KAZILLION year old fossil with writing on it that says CCP is eternal"".....honest"	1
I love watching these normal things being turned into cool hidden forts ! Keep up the great work! MUST HAVE SNACKS	2
Amo essa musica?	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.UNO
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:11 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la juih

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial"	1
I cant believe how many people are trying to find error or something wrong with his plan. What works for some wont work for all. His situation could literally be HIS SITUATION. The 1 in a million. The perfect alighted moment in time. I wouldve thought there would be more positive, i spirited or constructive comments this is so sad. Hes 19 and trying instead of waiting for opportunities to find him.	0
Thank you for this usually talking about the SAT brings me so much stress but this calmed me down, thank you!	2
Advance booking 7.2 crore from south and only 28 lakh in north india???? north vaale saare Bollywood vaalo ki bjane me lge ,,????	1
@codebasics, sir could you please make a video with regression models like KNN regression or random forest with train_test_validation set? Thank you for your amazing videos..I started my machine learning implementation journey with your tutorials.?	2
literature removes boundaries, allows you to read minds, time travel, all in the comfort of your own room. it also fosters empathy and fuels imagination.	2
You help people in such a fun way and I just love watching you do it! RESPECT!	2
You literally picked one of the most player-looking NPCs so of course there would be some confusion	1
It'll be cool to see the Magnus bots alongside the other top player bots on the site or even in a special area/app.	2
Quando Thanos enfrentou o Hulk em guerra infinita eu achei um absurdo total como que um personagem que  movido pelo dio e o dio  o sua fonte de for?a foi dominado e jogado ao ch?o sendo que at o capit?o Amrica teve uma performance maior perante o Thanos, agora vendo esse trailer e entendi, a Marvel transformou o incrvel Hulk em um comdia Hulk, que lstima tudo isso.	1
Why do we need a metaverse? Why are we doing this? It literally makes no sense why we're pushing this so hard.	0
Im excited for an Apple Watch redesign myself. Currently still rocking my Apple Watch series 4, but likely due for an upgrade sooner than later. Otherwise, all Im really missing from my Apple setup at the moment is a MacBook ;)	2
I respect to everyone who were involved in this, Seriously the best piece that I' ve ever seen on YouTube, HATS OFF TO WELL ALL ! LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!! ??????....	2
"Le pire ac de l'univers "" c'est un des meilleurs assasin "" c'est sur qu'il a jamais touch ac"	1
I actually loved Daemon he seems to actually love his family as soon as the king said why would I do that about not making him his hand.Daemons immediate answer was cause Im your brother!!It didnt sound like it was a birth right thing but that he was actually hurt his brother didnt choose him and hes for sure not wrong the console is playing him they see his weakness and you can afford to show weakness as a leader its a fact!	2
Amazing story. Makes me regret wasting so much time during collage when I knew I wanted to develop my game dev skills.	2
I want to make drivers licence only because i want to listen this song at night while driving a car.	2
I've been considering taking a Master Degree in Data Science and Business Analytics and I was wondering what's like being a Data Scientist until I found your video!! Thanks YouTube and thanks Tina! I have more idea now!	2
Lex is a really admirable professor applying academy to solve real world problems through engineering ways. Kudos!	2
I spent hours researching dash cams a  year or so ago and its almost maddening how awful, sparse and misrepresented information on dash cams is. I was totally surprised how under developed they are. This is a video that is really necessary.	0
Si aparece Gary oldman es garanta de buenas actuaciones ??????	2
I found myself in several of those steps and I was already working on solutions for each of those. Well done Thomas for putting those feelings into words so clearly.	2
Weirdly enough, this is the trailer that sold me. Seems like an actual breath of fresh air, looking at the MCU from a new angle and if that opening joke is any indication, looks like a fun show. I'm honestly excited now	2
Hi, Kristen, I love your design tips. My husband is insisting on getting a recliner sofa. Can I mix them with fabric accent chairs ? And do the furniture in the living room have to be of same height ?	2
Finally, somebody with enough balls and cash to set up a proper fireworks for this boomer to enjoy... thanks Jimmy	1
I wish I would've looked for this video a lot sooner. The SAT is tomorrow for me.	0
I finished this video like 3 times, oranges humor got better every time :>	2
This looks sooo good, I'm saving this video for later so I can eat this??	2
Gotta love chessHow does a random dude in the park casually crush a FM with a lifetime of training and world famous GM parents? She earns my respect for posting this!	2
Magnus owns 8,5% of Play Magnus. The bid is NOK 800m, so he gets NOK 68m. Equivalant to approx USD 7 million. Not bad ??	2
As the new Mexican boy at the school in VA,  I didn't speak any English, but there was this beautiful girl in my math class who took her time to teach me by sharing some music, including this song.  After about 2 months of hanging out on a daily basis, we started dating and we were almost inseparable.  One day while she was visiting her grandma in Vermont, some drunk driver crashed into her and she lost her life, along with her dad ?? .  She was the sweetest person you could ever meet.    I miss her so much ?? .   I listen to this song imagining her by my side.	2
?????! ????? ???????????? ????????????	1
"0:33 
OMG it is so beautiful????"	2
"I realise that Im much too late, and you deserve someone better.

That line really gets to me."	0
chess pog	1
"Hey Sundas,
Great Video! Thanks for sharing your tips.
I have one suggestion/request on a topic you should do i video on. 
Paths of carrer progression in data science/analytics. This will be helpful for people like me who have already spent a year or two in data science field to understand what are the directions you can take to progress in this field."	2
Why did THESE VILLAGERS BURIEDME ALIVE in minecraft ? HOW TO SURVIVE UNDERGROUND ?	0
Thanks for the video. I learned so much about code and debuging the bugs in the code. I'm taking online classes because of Covid-19 and it's really complicated to apply for one because I'm not tech-savvy, but you sir made it easier to understand, thanks again.	2
A thing I found amazing is that something like  10% of the energy from a nuclear reactor is carried away by the neutrinos it radiates.	2
The camera people  deserve our appreciation. ??????	2
This song makes me want to agree to the terms and services without reading them.	2
ltfen bu tarz videolara devam et melis abla?? senin yaln?z oldu?un bizimle daha ?ok ileti?imde oldu?un videolar? seviyoruzzzz	1
"So it's basically greed, got it.
""There's too much money out there, let's change that"""	0
*whenever i'm stressed I always come back to this playlist. it gives me a very nostalgic, liminal, yet peaceful vibe that makes me feel like im in the bridge between dreaming and reality <3*	2
Meanwhile nintendo: Hell Nah, not me or my son.	1
Thank you so much. You are helping thousands of people by uploading advice on how to be a smart test taker and using common sense to your advantage. The main thing about the SAT is staying calm and knowing what to do. You are helping a lot with both of those	2
you are awesome. i feel like we are friends just by watching your videos.  thank you for existing, you always put me onto the best books!	2
Mrbeast the living santa claus	1
I so needed this video today! I just finished my Masters in Data Analytics and as someone who has always despised job hunting I was getting disenfranchised. But you have put the fire back in my belly! All of the great things you said about the career are all the reasons I started the Masters. So thank you for reminding me!	2
Why am I crying seeing this... how much struggle has gone in to gain this independence..	0
I already lost a lot of money recently trying to pursuit my dreams. It's frustrating and depressing. But Elon definitely gives me hope and determination. He is a role model for me.	2
2:34 /1:00 aight imma share but itll cost ya a like	1
Does this surprise Anybodyscrew apple is right..why dont they make the products in the USA where it originatedgreed	0
Nice video bro ????	2
dark mode on wallpaper is a deal-breaker for me, that is not just a fantastic feature in the fact that completes the dark mode experience, or as apple says they try to do things that work properly so if they kill that feature it will hinder the dark mode experience.	0
I LOVE that Robyn's signature is literally an X marks the spot!	2
I've been living in India for almost 10 years now and prefer its pizzas much over the Western menu. I still remember my first year in India seeing a big domino's ad where they'd advertise two new pizzas with 'exotic' vegetables, the exotic vegetables being broccoli and zuccini. goes to show that exotic is very much a question of perspective ;)	2
I honestly hope it's great considering that Splatoon is my  personal 2nd favorite Nintendo franchise behind Mario	2
Rensselaer Polytechnic is such a gem of a school, it's a shame it wasn't even mentioned on this list. After graduating my oldest went to Microsoft and my second went to Amazon, both for Software Engineers. My third has his foot in the door for JNJ for Chem Eng. They were average kids that got an incredible education as proven by their technical interviews. I think you really need to mention RPI in more of your videos. <3	2
"Since the animations are kinda confusing the numbers up, I recapped the transformation here:

*Glycolysis*

Glucose + 2 ATP >> 2 Pyruvates + Energy.
This energy is used for making 4 ATP (net profit of 2 ATP) and 2 NADH from 2 ADP, 2 NAD+ and 2 hydrogen (probably H+).

*Fermentation*

Pyruvate >> Energy + Lactic Acid.

*Krebs Cycle*

2 Pyruvates + 2 O? >> 2 Acetyl Coenzyme A + 2 CO? + Energy.
This energy is used to form 2 NADH from NAD+ and hydrogen.
2 Acetyl Coenzyme A + 2 Oxaloacetic Acid >> 2 Citric Acid.
2 Citric Acid + 4 O? >> 2 Oxaloacetic Acid + Energy + 4 CO?.
This energy is used to make 2 ATP, 6 NADH and 2 FADH?.
So after the Krebs Cycle we now have 10 NADH, 2 FADH? and 4 ATP (or 6 if you count the ATP spent in Glycolysis).

*Electron Transport Chain*

10 NADH >> Energy + 10 NAD+ + 10 Hydrogen.
This energy is used to pump some protons out of the inner membrane of the mitochondria. They went back through the ATP synthase creating at most 3 ATP for each NADH, for a total of 30 ATP (at most).
2 FADH? >> Energy + 2 FAD+ + 4 Hydrogen.
This energy is also used to pump some protons. This creates, at most, 2 ATP each FADH?, for a total of 4 ATP.

_Conclusion:_
_Total ATP created: 38 molecules, if the cell is very efficient._
_2 ATP is spent in glycolysis so there would be at most 40 ATP that went through the steps._
_10 NAD+ were used, and probably reused._
_2 FAD+ were used, and also probably reused._
_6 O? were used and they became 6 CO? in the Krebs Cycle._
_2 Oxaloacetic Acid were used and reused._
Hope this helps!"	1
Great content, I feel those who would allow the market dynamism to determine when to trade or not are either new in space in general or probably just na?ve, the sphere have seen far worse times than this, enlightened traders continue to make good use of the dip and pump even acquiring more equities towards trading sessions, I'd say that more emphasis should be put into trading since it is way profitable than holding. Trading went smooth for me as I was able to raise over 10.2 BTC when I started at 3.5 BTC  in just few weeks copying and implementing trades with signals and insights from  Feven Lena. I would advise yall to trade your asset rather than hold for a future you aren't sure about..??	2
Xenoblade 3 needs the first spot imo, such a beautiful and amazing game that actually manage to perfect a system that was already in place...	2
3DS just felt so special. I didn't expect it but found myself really into Pokmon Sun and Moon. I think Pokmon Refresh was a huge addition to making me attached to my team, and I found myself tearing up in a lst battle when my Mismagus held on to the end for me. I know it ruins the game for some people (the Pokmon holding on has a higher rate of stopping KO than the focus band, apparently but don't quote me on that) but for me it was JUST want i wanted as a jaded almost-30 year old who really just wanted to enjoy the game.	2
TechLead this is a fantastic video, very well done. In my experience as a physics major with a minor in math and computer science. I found that there are classes in every major that use computers and computer programming extensively. In math we used programming to model complex physical systems that you could never do with out numerical analysis.  In physics we had a year lab where we made our own high speed data capture card.  We programmed it to capture data and then we wrote programs to analyze and display that data. I think you are 100% correct when you state that the act of programming is very important for every discipline.	2
Nothing beats the 4 part mini series by PBS on Napoleon!	2
Hearing the 360 always gives me a huge load of nostalgia.	2
Nice edition???	2
I feel like he is that one computer coding teacher that actually put it in a way that we understand. Thanks for the basics ??	2
"Being British the best comfort food is at Chinese takeaway their bbq sweet ribs are PERFECT they fall off the bone and you get to eat the sweet crunchy cartilage (and if  you like it the bone marrow) its perfect to eat and the sauce in the tub left over in thick and sweet and perfect for the chips they sell that are crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. Hope I described it well

Edit: ALSO MARMITE AND CHEESE INBETWEEN 2 PIECES OF TOAST JUST JJEJJSJSJSJSJJSSJISISJENJD"	2
That's a wonderful opportunity of learning and motivation especially in this trending phase of the influence of technology in our lives?? Thankyou so much????	2
I love Monopoly. This would be absolutely AMAZING!!!	2
*Important Update* : Most of my videos will now be focusing on Obby Creator content instead of random Roblox games. I look forward to making more videos for you guys :)	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin  Love.18kissx.Uno
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer  
2:09\/ ( elecciones ) 9:5/\10:3 ( culturales ) 9:3/\
????????
10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy :
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 
15:15
Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial
stayhomebufferingbuffering"	1
song reminds me of anikan skywalker??	2
I worked a low paying tech job for six years and still felt the burn out. The problem is that tech is very fast paced and competition focused. You can barely keep up. Though I got promoted regularly, my higher ups told me the truth before they left, they said that I was severely underpaid based on my skills (essentially I branded myself a one stop shop for the marketing department as I am both technically knowledgeable, people oriented and strategic). I maxed out at $50K. So I decided to jump ship with little planned. Now I run a financial agency with my husband and we make $250K a year as entrepreneurs and we have the freedom to set our own lifestyle.	0
Absolutely magnificent video, Glow. ?? Would love to see more of these.	2
No but Im genuinely hyped for the Morbius set ???? Glad itll be cheap too!	2
oh my gosh this playlist is bomb! thank you for sharing! listening to this while doing my schoolworks, such a mood booster	2
Thats because his allies know that they are soon to be co-conspirators	1
Tyler is still hilarious today 3 years later	2
?Ti?sto el mejor..nada ms que decir!	1
*WHAT DO YOU THINK?? IS YOUR BRAIN HURTING?* ?? don't forget there are subtitles available!!!	2
I disagree with David, I admire Obama for speaking out the truth, that's rare these days. I'm from UK and sadly see the same kind of politics here. Immoral and discussing ??	0
Good to see Joe Smith get the cover age he desrves, thinks Linus!	2
Thats cool! I also have a shashibo but I dont have enough to hide my cube unless I make it a hexagon	2
"For people who want to try Shakespeare but are intimidated by the language, I always recommend the No Fear Shakespeare publications that have the original language on one page opposite a ""translation"" in more modern language. We used them in high school when we did theatre productions to look at different interpretations of the phrases"	1
??????????????	2
I remember watching Black Fish and hearing one of the sailors sent to capture the first set of Orca calves remark about how when getting the calves in the boats the vocalizations they heard made them realize they were taking a baby and that its family was crying because of it. Really unnerving information for a college student aiming to become a scientist	0
It'd be nice that even when digital takes over for games that they offer a buy from the manufacturer option where you could order a physical copy online and get it shipped from wherever they made the game. Because I fully expect digital merchandise to be abused/capitalized in some way out of favor for the consumer.	1
As a programmer, this was the most intuitively understandable episode in 7 years of PBS Spacetime.	2
Watching him cook is so satisfying.	2
I cant believe Kass is pregnant Im so happy for yall!	2
This could not have come at a better time!! I'm literally building my first PC THIS WEEK!	2
Thank you really much! A great thing to learn during lockdown times :)	2
"This is not that tough.  He is saying: ""Send me a subpoena so I have a legal excuse against the lunatics in my own party."""	0
Vesper looks like Miyazaki's Nausicaa appeared in a film of David Cronenberg (e.g., eXistenZ or mentioned in the list Crimes of the Future) or, more probably, in Garland's Annihilation. Also, I must noted a strong Stalenhag world's vibe.	1
"""this is why english teachers are high in demand"" im dead ?? ??"	2
"I really recommend you checking out a book The Art of Game Design and its chapter about prototyping. It really nicely explains the purpose of prototypes and that even though your first prototype answered your question of Is there a potential in this design? its a good idea to create more prototypes which are going to help you answer more questions about uncertain things before you settle on something and go into full production mode.

Great video. I think more people should know this stuff."	2
Good job ??	2
Good interview :)	2
I have wanted to visit India forever to experience authentic Indian food. Its my favorite cuisine. But based on these videos, Im almost tempted to go just to try the Indianized version of our crappy American fast food that I never eat in the states!  The curiosity is kind of killing me now. ??	0
 	1
Thanks David, your help with this literature review during a pandemic, literally meant the difference between me passing or failing. Thank you so much.	2
Amazing build hacks	2
"??? ????? ??? ??????
???? ???? ???!!! ? ?? ??? ????????
?? ???? ?????? ???!??

What if jjajang and octopus legs meet?
If you are curious, you can try it!!! Wondering what it tastes like?
Please watch the video right away Let's Go!??

Bagaimana jika Jjajang bertemu dengan kaki gurita???
Jika penasaran, makan saja!!! Kalian penasaran rasanya?
Langsung lihat saja di video!??"	1
Cara isso foi muito bom sentir sentimentos e energias maravilhosas kkkk	1
I miss the times where everyone was like this and didn't worry about getting canceled lol	1
"Can someone explain something to me (not a trained scientist): how many of these ""virtual atoms"" can they manipulate at once? Are they able to scale the quantity up enough to make, for instance, clouds of virtual hydrogen, helium, etc?"	1
I feel that this is a great place to recommend the book Children of Ruin - it depicts a society of octopuses that were subject to a virus which causes accelerated evolution and the struggle of humans to communicate with them. Some of the best sci-fi I've read.	2
I loved her. And I love her even more now. She's been consistent with expressing her knowledge towards skin care. She's incorporating it within her line and grew with it over the years. I'm just proud.	2
"Arun: ""This product destroyed the entirety of Earth""
Also Arun: ""6 out of 10 fail"""	0
celine is so adorable, the parents did well raising her	2
"Gratullok Rolix!! Nagyon szeretem hogy minden rszben csinlsz valami rdekeset s ezzel leszel egyre jobb s jobb
  :)"	2
In the movie that came out in the 70s , he was in a car crash with his wife or girlfriend I believe. He was able to get himself out but he couldnt get her out. Which lead him on a mission to find the chemical that makes people strong in situations like that.	1
Nothing Sonny tries shocks me anymore lol. I mean, drinking raw blood and eating a fish alive! Great content as usual!	2
I remember seeing this in a Ripley's Believe it or not book as a kid, scared the heck out of me lol	0
"""Why do people keep platforming this guy"" Ethan 42 videos ago with Tates name in the title ?? your literally going to be the only one platforming him at this rate..anything for clicks ??"	0
"Thanks again for the opportunity! Absolute pleasure working with you guys on this
-Steven (NPE)"	2
I already know Im gonna pull something from dancing to these new songs. Cant wait to play against everyone as team rock!! Amazing job, Nintendo!!	2
tickoo bhai time to start your own chess company to break this monopoly????	1
"thanks for sharing your experiences! The manager who spoke of wanted applied scientists (a category I wasn't aware of before this video) was odd to me. So he was saying that there wasn't enough data science related work for a full time hire (or else he wouldn't be wanting someone who could also serve as a software engineer). I can imagine companies having this need (smaller companies in particular where individuals have to wear multiple hats), but if I were a data scientist trying to get hired as a data scientist, I'd avoid this manager/company! I actually left a job in the 90s for this reason--I was being pulled into other jobs/tasks that weren't related to machine learning, so I left and joined a company I could do machine learning full time (I'm an old guy!  I predated data science, so in that time, it was called ""data mining"" or ""pattern recognition"". and yes, I'm using machine learning and data science interchangeably even though I know they aren't fully interchangeable). 

The manager is key--even if you like the company, if you don't respect or are respected by your manager, it will be an awful job. Remember that when you are being interviewed, you are also interviewing them! :)"	1
I really like how simple your explanation about DS and DA, very helpful. I have been thinking to trying pursuing on DS career by following boot camp and course online, despite of my background as bachelor of economic. Did you have some insight for non-STEM background to undergoes this path? Thank you.	2
Great discussion! Thank you. Yuval said early in his talk that we should look to our governments to ensure that the youth of today receive the kind of education they need to survive in the future. I would suggest that national politicians are likely to be the future 'useless people'. My government (in Africa) has done nothing to help the people. All it has done is line the pockets of the politicians. Education is already being re-engineered today by the private sector - Udacity, Coursera come to mind. There are huge changes taking place through these and other similar organisations and their association with universities around the world. So the future of the youth of today depends on THEM. Thomas Friedman in his book 'Thank You for Being Late' suggests that the previous 'digital divide' between the educated and the lesser educated has gone and the new divide is the Motivational Divide. The youth of today need to be intrinsically motivated (and overcome the natural laziness that Yuval tells us about) and learn, and keep learning. What they need to know is WHAT to learn, then learn it with the help of the Internet, organisations like Udacity, Khan Academy, Coursera and coaches and mentors (teachers in the world of yesterday). Schools also need to embrace these changes.	1
You are a great presenter. I think it is great to have an example to support your video. My students have been encouraging me to include more and more examples, some even say this is the best way they learn, through seeing the good and bad of other students dissertations. My channel was originally set up for my classes, but now I want all to access, we need to me one big supportive community regarding help with academic skills that lead to student success - Dr M D Egan	2
wonderful and fantastic tutorial! It's really helpful. The explanation is so clear. thumb up to the tutor.	2
rYroSATW6ee1} ?? W ( 	1
Great< video and some nice tips! This is a scary time for new investors but the best thing you can do is not to make decisions based on emotions. This could actually be a good time to buy more of your high conviction stocks or crypto on a discount. Wealth is created during bear markets, not bull markets. If your portfolio is really effecting your mental health then delete the app and go for a walk. Let the market do its thing and have a long time horizon. I buy and just trade long term more than ever, I have made over 19` btc from day trading with  Karen Gauvin  in few weeks this is one of the best medium to backup your assets incase it goes bearish.	2
How gorgeous is the MC20 in comparison to the 296? I love the rear 3/4 of the 296 but it's just ugly from the front. The MC20 with a MC12 livery would be my choice I think, would need the OPF's removed though to get some better sound out of it... or the Lotus and pay off my house :P :P	2
I really miss the times where you would do butcher farms and stuff and I look forward to seeing it again, cuz tbh some ppl just came here because you used to do things more differently and when you stopped doing that it got just a bit more boring, maybe you can do a week for a farm theme and the other week for this theme? This is just a suggestion but Ik ur working hard to make us happy so keep up the good work :)	2
What a wonderful  young lady you are to work with children! And , a big CONGRATULATIONS to the young man! He was SO happy  while playing.	2
the fake slide is unfair to the defense... you pursue that and get penalized as a defender	0
like, 6 months ago, I was Level 60, but I solved the magic volcano with no help and solved the sudoku cube with a tutorial which automatically made me level 100	2
"How did you learn so much in this short time???
I am learning unity since last month and just know how to move my player in The X and Z coordinate"	1
she 100% studied for the covid test	1
This looks much better than the first wave, waluigis pinball and mushroom gorge make the whole expansion worth it.	2
The red panda just makes me die from cuteness!!!????	2
Loving the series, CC! Does anyone know any reference material where one can learn these algorithms?	2
This is unknown territory for me. It's fascinating. I dropped out of high school in 10th grade due to multiple reasons, but mostly due to feeling overwhelmed and lost without any guidance. I'm proud of these kids cause they don't all come from privilege. They worked hard.	2
Its two months now that have been dealing with the above name its a great achievement so far with their teams	2
I dont feel better today and since school is about to start, I am feeling really anxious so thank u for making this video. This is very comforting and calms my mind from stressing a lot????	2
Don't sleep on brighton. I would like to see them in Europe one day.	2
Oh oui enfin je vais pouvoir revoir ces lus de Khorne  hache double !!!!!	1
I love that she won't push herself to finish the plate and stops when she is full :)	2
Love how it stops being a manhunt as soon as the wardens spawn in.	1
I wanna see Jimmy compete in all his past hardest challenges??	2
Take always giving us vibes on vibes keep up de good work and ur next solo album will be mad ??????	2
Beautiful??	2
"Timestamps because I know you got sheit to do:
0:35 - Child
3:24 - Teen
6:08 - College Student
11:55 - Grad Student
17:05 - Expert

Upvote for others to see."	1
"The ""unique role"" of honoring your oath while trying to avoid being murdered by a mob of cranked up conspiracy theorists.."	0
I like watching these videos cuz they do be inspiring me to continue my college education. In highscool I was a 2.0 gpa student. Barely putting the effort to muster a C. My only way getting into college was soccer but eventually I quit due to mental health. I was really depressed and didnt have any motivation for anything. Had no friends no job and overall I was in a bad state in hs. I just turned 20 now back in community college trying to get a degree eventually gonna transfer. But yeah wouldve wished i had better guidance and wished I could go back and change that so I wouldnt have made it harder on myself. I didnt even go to prom no football game nothing and overall had no social life. Starting to change now How I am now and its honestly making me a better person and happier. Seeing you guys so happy at Yale is motivation and brings me joy. You guys are very smart and I also admire your hard work you put in and the sacrifice.	0
"I love the judges ""Why did you come to me?"" ... because Trump appointed you and Trump expects loyalty and bias in his favor."	2
Brilliant work Soda!  Happy to see this format is doing well, I do miss your old outro ??	2
It took me like 7 years to get my undergraduate. I felt dumb all the time. I'm glad pushed through. I'm a Data Engineer and a lot of the stuff I found impossible before is easy now. I graduated with a 2.5 GPA. A lot of my teachers and the dean tried to convince me to change my major, but I never gave up. Practice makes perfect	2
i never realized that this song is different than the studio version. this dude actually did this live, lmaooo	1
They are geniuses all the team of Mr Beast. I admire them very much. Let the SUCCESSES continue guys.	2
This was a fantastic talk. Its a topic we are all somewhat aware of but we need to dive deeper like this individual. Thank you sir.	2
I think we've just found the most intense hype man for trees	2
Im so glad I managed to get a series x had it about a year now and love it have not played games since the Xbox 360 days and I can say its a massive leap haha	2
5 years old content and still helping to educate us students. Thanks!	2
Eu amo esse canal,  muito fcil para aprender e entender.	1
I am obsessed with this song makes me want to dance my ass off. I see I'm not alone.  It's pure magic.  Loves ??	2
Dude just knows how to make a hit	1
That's a great explanation. Thank you Professor!	2
I love baby???????????????????????????	2
idk if everyone has access to khan academy but that helps too and provides practice	2
Best hardcore player SB737 never ceases to amaze me, keep on doing what you do mate.	2
21:52 I'm pretty sure that wouldn't be enough to destroy his plan. If let's say one of the three people with the wall managed to answer the question correctly, that's still 2 options eliminated. And with how fast Shirube came up with his  first plan, he had more than enough time to devise a second test to figure which of the remaining two directions was the correct one.	1
She actually uses her audience-directed powers at the very beginning of the show for the first time imo- when shes about to leave for her trial and then turns around and says to the audience that we probably want to know about all the hulk stuff first so youll actually be interested in the lawyer part of the show or something along those lines	1
"Really a video worth watching. Whenever I feel really negative about physics being attacked always by the odds in ""classrooms "" and ""exams"", this video heals me! Though I watch, I can't understand all of them,hope to understand in the near future!"	2
please open it at night and wake up the neighbors	1
"Wanna support the channel use my code ""ChrisQuits"" to purchase some GamerSupps! You save BIG on an awesome product and I get a kickback so Win/Win! http://gamersupps.gg/discount/ChrisQuits?afmc=ChrisQuits"	2
What do you think is the best kiss in a Marvel movie?	1
So. Pence just confirmed there are two sets of justice. One for politicians and one for the rest of us.	1
It's so relaxing ahhh TwT I'm a big fan myself, and so I love listening to it during class or in song :) Thanks a lot~!	2
I love these tips that increase personal comfort and organization. But home value is increased by landscaping and structural improvements. Thank you for sharing... I especially like the 5 gallon bucket stool. Id love to make this with an open 1/4 for some internal shelving or storage for a personal challenge ?? ~Sheeara, Alaska	2
A more effective way for villagers to return at night is an automatic bell alarm using night sensors with linked with a timer that rings thrice. It kinds of really reminds me of a clock that has curfew regulations	1
This might be the most fun they've had in a while on Mystery Tech	2
"Thank you very much for this video! 
Please note:  reinforcement learning is not the semi-supervised learning !!! semi-supervised learning is a mixture of supervised and unsupervised methods. but reinforcement learning is a more complex and challenging method to be realized, but basically, it deals with learning via interaction and feedback."	2
I wish we could see more of Sam Donaldson. It's so nice to hear this gentleman speak.	2
I recommend using gyroscope. It is the best option to take advantage in this game.	2
Can we all agree that Jimmy never disappoints us with his content????	2
All he could do is look on humiliated as the victor claims his reward ?? he was stuck on the side of his shell looking helpless.	0
This guy is smart. He's putting himself in a favourable position for when the robot overlords come.	2
"that racist jane was so hilarious ""DISRESPECTING A BROTHER"" LMAO ""YOU DISRESPECTED THE BROTHER"""	0
Ive been an overthinker my whole life too so its really cool to see someone I look up to discuss this and explain how to move through it. Ive been talking myself through these moments of paralysis but these tips seem much more helpful so thank you! Ill give them a try ????	2
It's so sad to see the ones that were truly loved by their elderly owners. They never meant to harm their fur babies.	0
En serio Sweet Child O' Mine le queda perfecto al avance, Love Guns N'Roses ???? regresar ha estar de moda, as como Something In The Way de Nirvana en The Batman ?	2
"12:30 ""And now the knight will just use some fancy moves"" and the movement of knight on the screen ??"	1
THIS SONG GIVE ME SUMMER VIBES	2
i had the incredible luck of being roxy's classmate in university, and coworker through some crazy jobs :) she is one of the best artists i have ever met, and a truly top notch person and friend <3 thank you for highlighting her amazing work!! isn't it cool as hell?	2
Hi friend... i would like to ask you is there any tools for Domain Registrars - to directly create domains and manage. as i am registering for aggregated registrar - i need EPP tools, and domain manage tools kindly please guide me or suggest me any tools for this.	1
K	1
Congrats people of TN, You have got a roaring lion as your Finance minister. ??????	2
I love your videos so mutch. im learning from you! Keep it up!!! YOUR A BEAST!!!!!	2
I really want to learn C# in unity, so this is definitely something to look up to.	2
This happened on my thanksgiving cruise a few years back. It was Carnival 2016 fall. We picked up immigrants fleeing from Cuba.	1
The similarity between lichess and sahil is they stand out between other platforms and also have less subscriber and low net worth  ,perfectly made for each other	2
This looks amazing and watching you construct the whole thing was really cool. Makes me wish I had a custom housing for my ps5. Awesome work keep it up	2
"2nd meme
*I have tainted such an innocent soul...*"	0
"Physics: Shes my crush!!!!!!
Me chillen at home: What the heck , how says that to his crush bro??"	1
2:55 I believe the general majority of the case is waterproof in sense that rain wont get in if it lands on it or it gets splashed. But the zipper area is definitely not waterproof, it will not make it through SUBMERSION. Aside from that I think it simply looked simplistic and rather stylish	1
This is gonna be a fun movie!	2
This is how chess should be played	1
When youre still (hopefully) trolling as an old man: NicoIsOld ??	1
Can we all just appreciate and thank Jimmy for making good videos especially when some people are going through some hard times	2
I just want to share that these tips helped me land my dream job. Fresh out of college as an engineer, I did great during a phone interview, but poorly in a face-to-face invterview for a fortune 500 company. I just didn't have pre-planned topics to answer some questions with and came off as unprepared and inexperienced. I didn't get the job then. 5 years later,  I wanted to redeem myself. This was a once in a lifetime job opportunity for me so I didn't want to miss my chance. I had a 30 minute interview with the executive director of engineering and was able to hit on all of my strengths clearly and concisely. I nailed it. I started by highlighting key aspects of the job posting, and then I thought about all of these interview questions and practiced my responses daily until they came out naturally. It landed me the job!	2
It completely blows my mind that we can build all of this, much less make it the microscopic size we do.	0
I'm really glad he acknowledged the indigenous traditions and food culture.  There are a lot of fishermen that don't care about preservation or morals.	2
I love how everybody comments on how he gets the names wrong, LOL	2
Olors face when Tingman bring out his secret cube got me dying????	1
"If you want to see more content, go subscribe to my new channels!
*WHO WILL BE THE FIRST SUB?*

Reacts:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL3n_J1rvdc-lwYrCd4hbag

Streams:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEQn7MJGdkM-o12OVI5atow

Shorts:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoUr3GkW8aBHmDWNzBhHz2w"	1
"Hello Gongsam ???
I'm from Sri Lanka ????????
It looks so delicious ??????
I like BBQ pork ??
Yummy yummy ??"	2
*I hold high respect for your work mate because you're pointing people in the right direction. If there's one thing I've learnt recently is to remain calm especially when it comes to investment in cryptocurrency. Let's not panic and sell when when everything goes down and do not buy in euphoria when everything goes up. I advise everyone to forget predictions and start making profits now because future valuations are all speculations and guesses. The trade market is unstable and you can't easily tell if it's going bullish or bearish. While Myself and my colleagues are trading without fear of  incurring loses, others are being patient for the price of skyrocket.  It all depends on the pattern you follow. Thanks to MitnickCorp??Org for her trading tips, she's the best broker I've ever come across*	1
absorber never disappoints??	2
Absolutely phenomenal interview	2
Hold Bannon accountable for disinformation.	0
"Taking mine after tomorrow ????????haven't even prepared adequately for it
 this Is when I want to start studying"	0
As a non American , I have to say its pretty funny to finally watch donald get in big-boy trouble !????	2
I love watching these normal things being turned into cool hidden forts ! Keep up the great work! MUST HAVE SNACKS	2
"Massive thank you to everyone for checking out the video. I went back and forward on making it - whether it was ""too negative"" or not - but VERY reassuring to know it's not just me noticing these things, and wanting to talk about them. Cheers! - Scott"	2
Rajinimurugan is the only Sivakarthikeyan movie you can watch anytime without getting bored	2
Man Im so glad I got to witness the MCU in my lifetime, truly something special and unreal.	2
The reality is that, when he was at Ajax, Ten Hag didn't choose the players. At Ajax they have a solid recruitment area full of great ex players.... At Manchester United.....????	2
Pork sinigang so yummy ????????	2
50+ years of weed and never been in trouble with the law, never been a slacker at school or work, raised a good decent family. Nothing wrong with weed. Besides, when's the last time you heard of weed related road rage? Never!	1
Rechtswidrig???? Pfffff ?vp kennt sowas nicht??????????	0
Isso a nunca vai se comparar com hulck de antigamente,um Hulk forte gil que botava medo mesmo.	1
"""wait, the cube was a green screen ?""
""always has been"""	1
"""If you don't know calculus, that's OK""
*continues to talk about calculus*"	1
I got no problem with btc sliding back to 18k. Gotta buy all of it with all the tether I've got laying around	1
Just wanna point out something interesting: 12:28 the Alapin variation of the Sicilian Defence with c3 and d4 is the EXACT reverse of the main line variation of the English Opening with c6-d5. Both of them are bad for the one playing against them. Please, LISTEN to this man and take some of his advice to heart.	0
I am a totally layman but I finished watching this ONE hour course! So interesting, what a great teacher. His teaching can even attract a person like me who just wish to know some basics of web development. Great job. Thanks Mosh!	2
1 wrong move and it's all gone.	0
"???? ???? ????(????? ??? ?? ?????) ??? ????? ????? ?????? ?? ???? ??? ????? ????? ?? ??? ??? ???????? ????? ?????? ??? ??????? ????
????? ?????????????"	1
"Thank you so much, this was very helpful! 
Here is a summary if anyone needs:
- [ ] Classify mistakes: dumb,problem,concept
- [ ] Write down essential formulas
- [ ] Read the whole problem before solving
- [ ] Read all the answer choices
- [ ] Pay attention to specific needs of the question
- [ ] Slope-the bigger the steeper 
- [ ] Consider real life applications 
- [ ] Plug in #s if stuck
- [ ] Use ur calculator-intersection, y intercept, quadratic formula
- [ ] DOUBLE CHECK especially easy ones
- [ ] Less frequent bubbling/bubble at the end"	2
THE FIGHTING SCENE IS LIKE MY DREAM ABOUT FIGHTING A KID FOR A TOY	1
As a person who lived through the dark ages of the wii u im so glad nintendo is back making so cool games for us since the switch released!!!!	2
Thorfinn screaming his lungs out saying hes going to kill them gives me the biggest chills because you can hear all the pain in his voice but at the same time you can hear how serious he is ???? I cant want to see how he will accomplish this ?	0
Amazing... Your way of explaining is superb ... Thank you so much	2
Wow these lectures are actually I have been waiting for..Thank you so much MIT.	2
This is hands down one of best talks I have heard. Thanks for such a wonderful lesson!	2
You are the reason why I started programming. I'll never forget the things you've done to help me.	2
"10:10 Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.Uno
de mejores conciertos

0:10 Hopi: 
Sweeter
1:12 Sun: 
Hotter
00:1 Toonie: 
Cooler
8:00 Yoongy: 
Butter

3:20 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
 No puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente 401,,"	1
Definitely one of Luffy's toughest opponents ever seeing that Lucci's fighting skills were superior than his pre-timeskip.	2
Who doesn't know , repeat any moves serveral times on a solved cube and you will solve it again	1
Cannot communicate with sociopaths on any reasonable level. People who cannot empathize will never see things from your point of view. Someone who is a sociopathic master manipulator can only be dealt with by affecting what matters most to them, money. Unfortunately, office sociopaths who gaslight daily rarely get reprimanded. They have everyone else in the office convinced they are wonderful and that you are the problem. Best solution is to remove yourself from that environment.	0
"I have had a love hate relationship with console exclusives. I get why they exist and why they draw consumers to a specific platform. This coming Phil along Xbox's track record concerning their exclusives since around 2013 and up, haven't exactly been praised as PlayStation's have been, this is more corporate weasel words. 

Xbox has cannibalized and quite frankly wore out their once golden franchises. Halo, Gears of War, um...I'm sure I'm forgetting some others. The line is going to get blurry with where titles between the respective console manufactures games end up for consumption. 

Xbox has doing really well with Game Pass, but they are missing that killer app for the system."	0
I've been wanting to learn programming for awhile, but had absolutely no idea of what it all entails. This video really helped to give me that, thanks so much! I'm so excited to start my journey into computer software.	2
I wish my biology teacher explained biomolecules like this	1
Thanks for watching! What consoles do you currently own?	2
"I change a little of what Rachel said, but here is the example answer provided by Rachel for the question ""Tell me about yourself"": I studied at the University of Florida and graduated in 2012 with a masters degree in business administration. After graduation, I was hired at happy kids creative Ive been there for the past 5 years and Im currently the director of toy production. During that time sales have grown steadily. Its been a great experience but I run out of room to grow with HKC and Im looking for new opportunities. I have a lot of experience leading teams in the creative process and founding new markets for the products that we create. 

-So just to get it: first she mentions her studies, then talks about work history. Mention an achievement (Sales have grown). Then she mentions why she is looking for a new job (out of room to grow). Then talks about her experience and strengths that she acquired (Leading teams) 

-Hope, that this can help people that like me, are trying to prepare for a job interview."	2
LOVE that you did this. Not a lot of home decor/DIY content creators show the small yet important things like how to make a bed look like it came out of a magazine, so really appreciate you doing that!! More small/simple yet so important things, please! Much love.	2
????? ???? ?????? ??	1
You've really come along ways over the years. Love the editing style and the projects.	2
Lisa est une femme trs talentueuse, l'inspiration de tout le monde est Lisa, elle est une bonne image surtout pour les jeunes. Lisa meilleure danseuse pour une raison pour laquelle elle peut contr?ler son corps et toujours regarder ses expressions faciales Cool, enfin quand Lisa rappe c'est que j'ai trouv slay and ate	1
I have a feeling they removed the lock on the lock screen so that way itll be less obvious if your phone was unlocked. And also just because Apple wants to drive more towards privacy	1
Very relaxing video it helped me sleep.	2
"David, I used your guidance in my thesis for my dissertation.  The quote from my committee memebers about my literature was as follows, ""This is the best literature review I have ever read and I have read a lot of them""  David, thank you, just great stuff in your videos."	2
People seem to forget that AI stands for Artificial Intelligence.  Intelligence and consciousness are not the same thing.	0
Asias waving the white flags in rapid fire mode at the end ?????????	2
"there are 2 types of 1600 scorers:
Those who tried really hard in prep, do really well in school, and then share people their tips and how they did it

and the kid who is just really smart and did not prep and has no clue how to help people because they just. chose. the. right. answer."	1
The profession overwhelmingly preferred by self-serving, unscrupulous, immoral, and/or dishonest individuals: law. Case in point: Harriet Hageman.	0
Honestly I feel like confidence comes naturally when you care about something so much that you are no longer sensitive to how people see you and how you appear in front of others. Like Jane Goodall or Colin Powell - I'm a person that has a mission that's important to me, plus huge experience and knowledge that built me, and I'm proud, and what the world thinks is not my concern.	2
the way that kid toss the chalk away when he finished writing is golden. Also a dragon fruit is the fruit of a cactus plant. Prickly pear is also another delicious one.	2
An hour long Tati video? Unedited, unfiltered and full of makeup? Yes, please!	2
I love watching him eat when I'm eating too, but his food is always the best ??	2
Great interview..learnt lot of things..I have a question..is DSA so important to become a data scientist?	2
Dude that little damn british kid killed me with the nerve endings thing ??	0
My sis got sent to a mental facility one time when she had a breakdown. One of the employees there made fun of the cuts on her arms In addition to this, another person there got a hold of a razor and slit her wrists and everyone had to witness. They were treated just as much like prisoners then as previous asylums, our system hasnt changed much at all unfortunately.	0
I like the way that she eats.	2
I definitely have no complaints with the Series S. From what I've seen 1440 is still more than adequate for graphics and it runs super smooth and is still a very quick console.	2
Okay so not a lot of people know this but apparently I've done some research on this and apparently it's the world's biggest toy in the world so that answers your question it is probably pretty scary to others and some might find it cute but you know what whatever at least you know what it is now	2
"""Save your tears for another day""
For your wedding day, girl"	1
It is a shame that Ben has to go behind Joe and clean up his terrible policies	0
"Malheureusement c'est toujours les mmes promos et les mmes prix, c'est soulant a la longue, sur le ps store les prix sont gonfler pour faire croire a un eventuel ""promo"" ??????il y a 1 mois metro exodus gold edition a 9'99 euro et la le jeu seul a 10,49euros??????"	0
??Explore Our FREE Courses With Completion Certificate: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-caxhMlw_04	1
Legend gone but legacy remain Forever ???	2
When Bob asked what does STFU mean and Chris said what it meant it had me dying ??????	1
I had a great time with these questions!  Thanks WIRED ??!!!	2
"Alone, I often fall down into nothingness. I must push my foot stealthily lest I should fall off the edge of the world into nothingness. I have to bang my head against some hard door to call myself back to the body.

Virginia Woolf,?The Waves"	0
Thank you so so so much for making this video! Im so comforted by this, and Im so grateful! ??	2
It never matter how win. The question is. Is the state is any better. Under either politicians. All politicians are very corrupt.	0
The fact that you revisit some patched games is one of the things I love most about your channel.  While Ill say that many games should not release in the poor state that they do, such is the state of the gaming world in 2022.  You guys do all of a wonderful service by updating your reviews when possible.  Thank you!	2
Love this song and mood swings	2
Thanks for this, I'm studying right now and its perfect.	2
"Also react to his ""teri mitti me mil jawan"" Or ""tere bin nai jeena"" both are his best performance in the season"	2
"Me: That rice is soggy
Gordon: That right there is perfectly cooked rice
Me: That is perfectly cooked rice"	1
This is beautiful. Thank you MIT OCW and thank you Professors Grimson and Guttag for the clear and concise lectures.	2
love the good vibes ????????	2
I have video footage of a elk ripping the front of my brother in laws pick up truck apart. He was pissed of at my brother in law because he made the sound of a male. That thing was 200 yards away when he did that and let me tell you I felt like I barely made into the truck in time that was only 15 feet from us. I've never seen such power in real life, it was insane. That was on Vancouver Island just for your info.	0
Los movimientos de Lisa son tan fluidos, sus expresiones faciales, su control del cuerpo, todo es tan bueno. Sin duda es excepcional ??	1
"The first game felt like a flash game, the second felt like a full release, and the third felt like one of those Unity games with fun physics.
Overall, The thumbnail was not only clickbait, but those 3 poor devs were definitely heavily underpaid for their work. I don't think I would be happy only giving them so little money for their work, and not even giving them credit either."	0
Thank you NBC more Americans get their news now from NBC then. Any  other source believe that????????	2
"REMEMBER MY NAME""""MY
HARD WORK""""one day l will rise????????????."	2
AirPods without stems would loose their character	0
Best move of 2022. Never give in to unprovoked bullying. Calling China's bluff vital.	1
The host is absolutely so kind. Loved the Hospitality they showed to our Sonny and Team ! ??	2
Everyone expects the Schubert version but then Dimash and Igor blow their minds, with one vowel?? ??	1
The reason triple AAA games are becoming so expensive and some are totally failing is just because they focus on tech and not on design. They're treating what were supposed to be  enjoyable games as engine demos and not giving enough time to release them properly. You can't just create another GTA V every single year, that shit takes A LOT of time.	0
??????? ?? ???? ????? ??? ???? ?? ?? ak47  ???? ?? ?? ?????? ??? ??????? ??? ???? ???? ?? ?????? ?? ???  1932 ?? ??????? ???? ?? ???? ?????? ?? ??? ?? ?? ??? ????? ?????? ?? ????? ??? ???? ??? ?? ?????? ???? ??  ?? ?????? ?????? ??? ??? ?? ?????? ????? ??????	1
1:44:49 I cant stop replaying ????	2
"""Some Vikings complained the Baptism they were just given wasn't as nice as the last one""
LMAO"	0
This is great. please make advance course of ML and make some good projects like spam etc.	2
Ethan has given more publicity to Tate than Tate has done for himself.	1
Respect to History channel for putting these out for free, while others hoard their old content and charge for it. Yall some all right people.	2
I'm supporting Atozy all the way!!	2
My real name is actually kartik I'm proud of my clone	2
What a victory for Malaysians!   Much thanks to the Judiciary that refuse to take nonsense to delay and frustrate.   PMs are not fallible and you cant  get away with crimes as such.   That also goes to show that politicians are not invincible and must be accountable for their actions.   Tahniah!	1
I think sufiyan is slowly becoming fan of NTR ??. React to more of NTR( my suggestion is NACHORE NACHORE song from Yamadonga movie) you guys will definitely love him more.	2
"A veces slo basta ver llegar esa notificacin de nuevo video de ""They Bootleg Boy"" para entrar y dar like. Excelente msica, msica que relaja y concentra.??"	2
"15:45 Val Kilmer lost his voice for real due to throat cancer. But they used an A.I. computer program to digitally recreate his voice. It was nice to see them bring him onboard for this movie. Heartwarming and one of the most amazing moments in the film. All because Tom wanted him to be a part of this movie so much.

I got to meet Val Kilmer at a convention a few years ago after he beat cancer but lost his voice. He was one the bravest and kindest guys ever."	2
These movie reviews are always good, and largely because they are honest. If a given film is admittedly not the greatest or otherwise flawed,  the reviewer still tries  to point out what might be good or desirable about the movie etc. It's a very democratic approach. Always a good job !	2
OJALA HAGAS MAS  ASMR CON PALABRAS EN ESPA?OL... POR FAVOR.!!!	2
Vision and Wanda Maximoff are the best MCU couple	2
I love this. Yeeeessssss this song and music video just made me feel so good. John legend and Saweetie collab dope. We need more music like this especially what is going on in this world today.	2
And I'm trynna free all of my niggas like a grand slam??	1
Great video guys. This channel definitely deserves more subs than a lot of other car review channels. Its the GT4RS for me here with the 296 a close second.	2
I love the way you teach.  I have ADHD and can never pay attention so thanks for being weird and not boring like most professors . With my ADHD , it affects me remembering things. I want to actually know and learn this subject and other subjects and not just memorize for the test then forget everything a month later. Any advice on studying or other tips to really keep the info embedded in my mind??	0
me encanta la ternura,delicadesa y limpieza con la que hace sus videos????	2
I agree with this video however, it depends on your delivery. No employer wants to hire a robot.they want someone who has personality, relatability, and open mindedness. Therefore when they ask me to tell them something about myself, I always include something personal that pertains to the job Im applying for. It creates more of a human connectionand its always worked for me. ??	2
I'm so glad I built a nice high end RTX 3090 pc a year ago. It's incredible the amount of eye candy 4K gaming treats us with, no wonder it's the biggest money making entertainment industry on the planet. Thanks for those awesome little previews & nicely presented too, much appreciated??	2
The sad part is, when Askellad asked Thors to be their leader, he was actually serious. But as he realized it was impossible, he had to laugh it off to save face in front of his men.	0
"The ""that was extremely nice"" shows how much positive energy this guy gives of-"	2
The time 5:45 in the video you cant just get a scab imminently	1
coucou jai une question, est ce que je peux garder la beta 7 dios 16 jusqu quelle sorte ou je dois la dsinstaller avant ? Merci davance ????	1
"Dad: so what did the physics man teach you son?

Child: nothing that I didn't know already"	1
Great video.  But let me talk about something important, I see many young and old make mistakes that I think should not be.  I believe that everyone, young or old, should have an investment plan that increases their financial returns from three figures to six figures.  The investment can be your retirement plan or future plan, depending on what you want, but what matters most is that you have an investment that is profitable.	2
Amo seu contedo, voc t evoluindo tanto! ??	2
These look amazing ??. I hate the fact that store bought crisps (I'm watching from the UK) or chips are broken up into little pieces due to handling I guess. Thanks for sharing	2
I knew Dorian Gray would be on this list! This is the book that made me realize classics could be engrossing and accessible to people today	2
Imagination badal pinned my comment ?? #badalispiro	1
Love how Hayes reviewed SWTOR, saw the terrible tutorial, then made a whole video breaking down an effective tutorial.	2
Essa msica   maravilhosa... Sonzeira!?	2
4:13 while Jerry can be annoying sometimes I appreciate that he still gives credit where credit is due as opposed to Rob who will go out of his way to not pay respect when its been earned rightfully	1
Well explained I appreciate ?? I can't wait to get started because people are really making a lot of money from it nowadays	2
A nica coisa q me impede de dormir,  a curiosidade de sempre querer saber oque ela est fazendo	1
If the Apple Watch 8 Pro has a glucose monitoring system 100% getting it, as a diabetic this is a game changer for me! I probably wont grade my current 12 pro Max, unless there is another type of game changer for me!	2
Don't stress about it?, you have the pressure of scoring in the 90th percentile and not doing the worst out of all your friends. Your family is counting on you to get a scholarship and go to a top school. It's highly competitive (you're competing not only with kids in your state but students in all 50 states. And this is basically the test of your life(other than the grad school exams *MCAT*)that determines community college or top university and the difference towards getting more money  towards your pay check. Sure don't stress about it...	1
Good morning.  Have a good day everyone ??	2
Rule no 1:never trust nehema's thumbnail's	0
One of my favorite uses for my Steam Deck was loading emudeck and having the virtual console I've always wished the Switch would be!	2
Parabns Luciano, muitos pensam como voc, e vc representou bem a indigna??o dessas pessoas em sua fala, na rara oportunidade que eles d?o as pessoas que apoiam o governo atual.	1
This guy must be the richest youtuber, I hear his voice on most tech channel ??	2
For someone who has not started their investment journey but done a-lot of research. in this economic climate, am I better to save and enter the market when I see companies at my price points or to invest a % of my savings each month.	1
"Make sure to enter the METACENT $10,000 GIVEAWAY:
https://gleam.io/tGeMT/metacent-giveaway"	1
"Hey Linus, a good trick for streaming lights: bounce them off the wall.  Much easier on the eyes, and a nice softer look.
Also, for indoors, I'd recommend a hyper-cardioid mic (looks like a short shotgun) like the Audio-Technica AT4053B."	2
Amazing stuff ??	2
Holaa te amo Santi, que buen video para ir a descansar amo tus ASMR ???	2
Its midnight again and the deadline is looming! Luckily there is a brand new compilation album 12 Am. Study Session, and with the help of 26 enchanting new beats from various talented artists around the world, the task at hand feels a lot smoother. Join Lofi Girl in her study - and finish that project together tonight.	2
I have a cat who was declawed by a previous owner. He has so many behavioral issues that are typical of declawed cats. He was just at the vet yesterday for litter box issues and the vet brought up the fact that he was declawed. Declawing inflicts lifelong trauma on the animal.	0
"To summarize the CODE for building the 2nd brain:
C - Capture: use note-taking apps or picture to store information.
O - Organise: ask ""Where will I use this information?""
D - Distill: progressive summarization
E - Express: show your work"	1
This seems too good to be true. Beautiful and very unique aesthetics, with souls combat mechanics. Fingers crossed for this one!!	2
Best gambler. Gz for the money.	1
Kya hota hai sunne se ??	1
Let's not forget that the biggest payouts in the markets don't come from great performances but rather it's great promotions. Stay invested, diversification for streams of incomes is very important And with the right skills and proper understanding of how the market works	2
I love your animals and your content	2
i think the end of the endless pursuit for thinness and design, i.e. form over function represents the lifting of a burden on apple's legendary branding. apple's prioritization on performance and functionality is going to be a great thing to see!	2
2:44 I love how she just drops the P53 protein knowledge out there all the sudden. Definitely subverted the expectations of a lot of viewers there I bet.	1
Me parece muy bien que lo hagan as, como tu una vez le recomendaste porque as ser ms entretenido y encima ms seguro. Muy buen video	1
What an awesome video, thank you for sharing it. For someone that wants to become a DA as a career, what kind of courses or learnings would you suggest they take in the beginning, for example, Excel, Power BI, SQL, VBA, etc?	2
Imagine all the hours of tag you played from ages 6-12 preparing you for the best career choice you've ever made!	2
Great acting for a low budget movie. But also a great message and lesson's we all need to relearn as a society.	2
Olha o Bet?o do p?o chegando e a Beto blz que Deus te aben?oe sempre vc e sua famlia e quem est lendo esse comentrio ??????	1
that little circle that you found in google maps is called like bigfoots thumbprint or something like that but I think that is a maze:)	1
"Linus: *Gets on his employee's cases for all the stuff stolen from the office*
Also Linus: *Proudly talks about all the stuff stolen from work he's using in his upgraded setup*

Linus: ""Why are you using this monitor as a table?""
Also Linus: *Uses the monitor as a chair* 

This video was hilarious"	2
Honestly I appreciate you and your content < Technical Analysis is good but I find It truly baffling that major crypto youtubers just look mostly at pure T.A and completely ignore the bigger narrative of why BTC is pumps/pumped and why the future outlook will be even rosier than it seems. It's kinda irresponsible to ignore the fact that each ETF launch so far has caused a major dump at the peaks of BTC. We were already on shaky footing with historically low volume and almost pure whale pumps,narrowly avoiding a long-term bear market. More emphasis should be put into day tradiing as it is less affected by the unpredictable nature of the market. I have made over 12 btc from day tradng with *WTRADE INSPECTS* insights and charts. They been one step ahead of other analysis..	0
Great job on being concise in your comparisons between the two different job titles! I begin my master's in data science this January! I do plan to start applying to data analyst positions in the spring after I get my Oracle Database SQL Associate Certification, and may consider going for an AWS Cloud Practitioner certification as well.	2
N?o tem msica com uma vibe boa como essa, viajo demais nesse som ??????????????????????	2
"Shop this beauty routine:

Dr. Barbara Sturm Cleanser: https://shop-links.co/172416576219378...
Dr. Barbara Sturm Hyaluronic Serum: https://shop-links.co/172416551903310...
Dr. Barbara Sturm Glow Drops: https://shop-links.co/172416569833908...
Dr. Barbara Sturm Anti-Pollution Drops: https://shop-links.co/172416582164878...
Dr. Barbara Sturm Brightening Serum: https://shop-links.co/172416585865345...
Dr. Sebagh Rose de Vie Serum Replenishing Calming Repairing:  https://bit.ly/3lKZNPP 
Chicet Bone Marrow Cream: https://fave.co/3pDLMpA
Renee Rouleau Intensive Firming Neck Creme: https://fave.co/3kFjOpD
EltaMD UV Clear Broad-Spectrum SPF 46 Tinted: https://tidd.ly/2IUlqyz
Augustinus Bader The Rich Cream: https://shop-links.co/172416591608789...
Lancer Dani Glowing Skin Perfector: https://shop-links.co/172416594747131...
Kevin Aucoin The Sensual Skin Enhancer Concealer: https://bit.ly/3ffS0Hs 
KKW Beauty Crme Contour Stick: https://fave.co/3nDlthr
Charlotte Tilbury Airbrush Flawless Finish Setting Powder: https://fave.co/2IS2P6P
NARS Blush: https://shop-links.co/172416747028365...
Nars Illuminator: https://amzn.to/3fde8lC 
Anastasia Beverly Hills Brow Definer: https://shop-links.co/172416640483747...
Urban Decay Naked Heat Eyeshadow Palette: https://fave.co/32Vc5xI
Laura Mercier Caviar Stick Eye Shadow: https://fave.co/2IUeqlC
Too Faced Damn Girl! 24-Hour Mascara: https://fave.co/2IUkpXh
Charlotte Tilbury Colour Chameleon Eye Shadow Pencil:  https://fave.co/2UHc3VS
Rinna Beauty Birthday Suit Lip Kit: https://fave.co/38THkNp

When you buy something through our retail links, we earn an affiliate commission."	1
Its about the money, of course. If an exec can sign a robot, they can churn out crap 24x7.	0
if you ever want to release this, please, make the shotgun range realistic	1
Huge props to the set designers, everything was spot on!	2
"If you need to study and youre scrolling instead, heres your gentle reminder to get back to work :)

You got this!"	2
I am new to the stock market. Every stock that I bought so far, I was out of luck because I bought them when they were expensive. I feel I missed out on all the stock opportunities so far for the tech stocks.I believe having 75K yearly income would be a good investment so I want to plug all my savings into the stock market. I know this sounds a bit dull but I would like to know if I should learn investing or let somebody else (more capable like a FA) do it for me? Please share your thoughts. I am kind of tired of searching for a good stock to buy and losing all the good opportunities	0
"Hi Julian! I love your game so far and am obsessed with the art style of it all! I am from California with a Bachelors degree in English and wanted to see if you needed a writer to develop the world lore or whatever story/campaign/quests/dialogue you want to bring into Len's Island. I don't have a portfolio since I am just starting to reach out to developers for my first opportunity to write for someone but would love to connect to maybe write a test piece for you, and if you like it then we could look into working together. I will write anything and everything for your game free for a full year and will sign an NDA to protect your work. Either way, I wish you all the best and thank you for your time!


-Logan"	2
As an actual witch I find it absolutely hilarious that this burning service of his resembled a ritual in almost every way	0
I'm not taking the SATs but still sat through the entire thing. I'm a Master's student stuck in India waiting to get back to the US. It just feels good to watch your videos. As weird as it may sound, your videos are helping me stay hopeful	2
Excellent session...everything about ML is summarised in a single video, which provides the complete picture of the elephant!	2
The fact that he gave himself a full head of hair in a fantasy story of himself can never be not funny to me lmao	0
"Hi Brooke, 
Great video as always. Quick Question: 
Do you think the SAT will serve of any relevance for students of the class of 2027 and beyond? 
Regards,"	2
The world is laughing at us! As we slowly split our country apart. These people have abused there power for too long now.	0
"Levy: Where's the piece gonna go?
Me: That's 1-move-from-now me's problem."	1
I read about a man in his 50s that started investing in stocks  then retired in 2years with over $6million, that right there is my utmost goal and I'd really appreciate clues and tips on how to reach this goal within 5years	2
I am a Christian and democrat, so theres that.  There should be a task force to remove tax exempt status from churches that engage in politics.	1
I love when music is synced with the rotation of the cube	2
One time me and my family went to a bird sanctuary in Florida while on vacation and saw one of the the only leucistic screech owls in the world. His name was Luna and he was nine years old, about six years older than screech owls live in the wild.	1
The technical side of this video and this channel is truly impressive. Have to admit the fact they are providing free useful scientific information with such a great quality. A very big thanks for the people behind this channel ??????	2
"This was bound to happen. Next up; 3D printing materials, atom by atom and then mass production.
And what if you combined this (2D) with Penrose tiling patterns and stacked those? What would the Moir pattern look like?"	1
Me encanta volver a escuchar a los Guns &Roses en una pelcula ! Ahora todo el mundo va escuchar este tema en sus play playlist y celulares ! Aguanten los Guns & Roses y Thor !??	1
Great !	2
Hammerheads are amazing...  Years ago, while trolling off the coast of Florida, I encountered one...  I was headed due south, and we spotted it heading aproximately SE.  Fin out the surface, big fella...  But we were on an intercept course.  He came to within ~100 ft of the boat, then turned off to the west.  He circled around, well behind our baits, and resumed his original course.  I swear he had GPS.	2
i was attacked by ceti years ago trying to prove that there were aliens	0
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.UNO
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial"	1
aacha laga to subscribe kro	1
"There's an obese rabbit in my neighborhood. He's a wild one, and nobody knows how he got so big, but he's become popular enough that there's a couple ""slow down for wildlife"" signs. I think he's probably living in a garden, or maybe stealing outdoor pet food"	1
???? ????? ??? ????? ???? ???? ??? ?? ?????? ????	2
One of the markers of true genius is thinking in an interdisciplinary fashion, in my opinion. This man has demonstrated only in this short time that he has knowledge of art, mathematics, and physics. It's no surprise he contributed to our world in the way he has.	2
Anish Giri does love studying chess theory so the prospect that he might still be in opening preparation in game 2 (1:44:12) does not surprise me that much	2
???? ?????? ????? ????????? ???? ????? ??? ????	1
I feel like I've just taken an awesome short course that's quite easy to follow and packed with interesting knowledge, and totally free! Awesome, can't wait to see the next one!	2
I control my anger INFINITELY more than a repressed man who was abused as a child, chased by military and had his entire life, love and career ruined by an accident that produced a giant rage monster! Well done writers!	0
"This is the best Steam Deck I've watched - even out of all the tech youtubers and video game channels!

Love the up in the video production quality as well, Wood! Keep levelling up!! Awesome content!!!!!!"	2
Great job	2
I'm just here to say thank you to him, the generosity he has shown will forever be in my heart. Thanks for the perfect job	2
Seriously most useful video I've watched in a long time	2
Hi Sawyer! Thank you so much for doing this video. I'm six months into my photography business, and finally tackling Lightroom. It seemed super complicated at first, but you truly helped me get over the fear of jumping in.	2
"I love how jimmy says ""you"" and Chris didn't catch it"	2
Definitely upgrading from my 12 Pro Max to the 14 Pro Max, I'll get at least half the cost of the new phone back with trade in. Major upgrade in battery, camera, and the screen.	2
"Mom, can we have Mr. Beast?
We have Mr. Beast at home.
Mr Beast at home:










Still cool tho ??"	2
Never had my own 360 but I did use a friend's and this is nostolgic asf	1
Dan continues to be a favourite for me. He's like the incredibly patient, but long-suffering Dad, who just gets on with things	2
I rarely watch the cooking process, but I have to admit that it's really relaxing	2
" Facebook: https://facebook.com/virussvn
 Facebook Fanpage: https://facebook.com/ViruSsOP
 Group: https://facebook.com/groups/virussteam
 Instagram: https://instagram.com/ssuriv
 Tik Tok: https://tiktok.com/@virussvn"	1
Its almost as of theyre conditioning the masses to prepare for something	0
This is perfect for a good nap after lunch!!~	2
"Just finished watching....wonderful episode! Brilliant subject matter, relaxing, intriguing music, exquisite cinematography, & Lee Perry has such a commanding presence as narrator, yet calm & serene ...Animal Armory series has quickly become my new favorite! 
Thnx so much for this lovely program! Perfect for rainy day in NY.
?????????? ??"	2
I like how he explains the speed of light at the speed of light.	2
"J volt a vide.
Vide?tlet: Top 10 sorozat, amik jk voltak, de elkaszltk ?ket, s befejezetlen?l maradtak."	1
Stephen Colbert looks a lot more serious interviewing her when hes usually always sarcastic or funny. He seems to respect her as an artist and her talent. Love it!	2
The Spirit of the Antichrist is always among us	1
Anh h?y lm v? sinh t?n one-piece n?a ?i anh mong anh lam	1
Im very excited for the future of Apple, but as you said, the downside is that there are too many products and if Apple doesnt start to focus on their lineup they will just become another tech company lacking what makes Apple products so iconic and better	2
The 'GET THAT OUTTA HERE!' Never gets old and his videos are class	2
Wait a minute JJ Didnt put a bed in his secret hideout	1
Believing that no matter what happens youre going to be fine anyway is always a great mindset to have	2
0:01 melhor parte kk	1
Que bueno veros de nuevo! ????	2
Gibi thinks shes got some things that will sound nice  ?? Im quite confident they will be amazing ??	2
Definitely needed this today!  Cant wait for your calming wonderfulness to send me to sleep!  Thank you!	2
Crystal always take those challenges so seriously ??	1
Yes pleaseee right as I opened YouTube to fall asleep, literal perfect timing!! I dont know if Ive ever been this early haha, thank you for another super tingly video !	2
"""What really got me out of the cult was the incarceration."" "" Thankyou for your honesty."" It usually is by circumstance rather than virtue that we change our ways."	1
"Hulk has fought aliens, monsters, been sent into space, been in battles, taken on Thanos, forced into hiding, had a split personality, and has been hunted and attacked by the military.

But, She-Hulk was sort of cat called by three guys outside a bar, and her boss did some mansplaining early in the episode.  So, her life is (in her words) ""infinitely more stressful"" than real Hulk.

This show is making feminism seem more ridiculous, not less.  Also, Smart Hulk sucks.

- Aaron American"	0
I've pledged to Titan Shell and Nara... i'm still hoping hard for Nara to make it.	2
This is why the breakfast club is legendary. At any given moment a super legend will pull up and do a great interview.	2
Thanks for all of these videos! Im taking the SAT in March and this is definitely helping with my studying	2
Glad to hear that!	2
"This problem exposes the flaw in having access to all your data on your sma-rt device.
A separate device for dig it-al eye D and the travel software would be a better choice if these become required by law."	0
"Does anyone remember Dump saying, "" I'm the President, I can do anything I want to do ""
I remember that. Sick man with a God complex and, obviously, a very sick man. ."	0
"3 stages of listening to Lil durk:
1. Listening
2. Understanding 
3. Knowing the lyrics"	1
Dear Thu, thank you for sharing your guidence. As being an aspiring data scientist, it would be a lot of confusion on path what to learn and what not to.  Your video covers it well. I find it is a good guidence to me.  Thanks	2
The only thing that's exciting me in this film is Hrithik's portrayal of a gray shaded character. Hrithik Roshan mostly cuz the guy is just so good but in these kind of roles, it always just fascinates me to watch one of my favorite actors to perform.	2
You're a legend. It's absolutely ridiculous that children can steal scooters. A lot of negligence behind the parents side.	0
"Not willing to watch others Review, always waiting for Legend ""Mr. KRK""??"	1
"Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.UNO
de los mejores conciertos ? 

2:30 Ariana Marie
3:40 Brenna Sparks
3:50 Natalia Starr
4:45 Keisha Grey
4:53 Aria Michaels eect
6:10 Mia Martinez 
6:40 Carmen Valentina
6:50 Riley Reid 
8:30 Gabriella Lane
9:12 Cece Cappella
10:15 Vicki Chase
13:28 August Ames
15:31 Cameron Canela

22:22 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente zifn ?? 15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos"	1
"As someone who studies convict leasing in Tennessee, this is a great video. Just a couple corrections:
1. Tennessee prisoners were NOT sent to Birmingham. They were leased to Tennessee Coal and Railroad Company (it's a little more complicated than that, but we can go with that for simplicity's sake) who used prisoners in their mines in Tennessee. After convict leasing ended in Tennessee in 1896, Tennessee Coal and Railroad moved its headquarters to Birmingham and continued using forced prison labor there, but those were Alabama prisoners, NOT Tennessee prisoners. 
2. States absolutely used convict leasing to make money. The lease on the Tennessee State Penitentiary could not be sold for less than $100,000 PER YEAR beginning in the mid-1880s. That would be over $2 million per year in today's money. 
3. Selling crops after sunset was specifically illegal as a means of controlling sharecroppers. The idea was that sharecroppers might sell some of their crop outside of their contract with the landowner. They would need to do it secretly so that the landowner didn't know, and would probably do it at night to prevent witnesses. Hence why selling crops after sunset was illegal.

I am happy to provide archival documents for these facts if you are interested."	1
"The SAT is curved unless the Math section has been changed since 2015.
I took my exams in 2002 so i really wonder what has changed since that amazing time."	1
This was an excellent class, well done in organization, methods and process.  There are lots of tools out there but this class is better because problems are solved as examples are worked out.  In this way it keeps your attention while deepening the learning.	2
Dude thats what the flashes of my phone were. Screen shots	1
If you decided to become an entrepreneur, & nothing will convince you other wise till you succeed... Youre definitely an entrepreneur!!!!	2
timas msicas de qualidade	1
Lets take a moment to applaud jimmys knowledge of microwaves	2
Now, that's interesting. I had been seeing DevOps all the time on this channel and now it's time to put ML, DL and DS stuffs.	2
It still blows my mind that companies have entire teams deciding whether or not a flavor is going to appeal to the masses, and yet somehow Swedish Fish flavored Oreos were still greenlit.	0
I literally ran from my house to the forest near the park thats near my house and started playing this cause today I felt magical ????	2
Esse filme da Fiona em live action vai ser incrvel	1
Continue assim trazendo contedos incrveis Problemas	1
creating a business on youtube to show people how to start a business... is smart	2
This man always tries to do something new and extra ordinary and make his audience feel excited for every next video, Love you????	2
You don't necessarily need the high-end and latest tech for University.  I used a 2009 macbook pro throughout my years at uni , had an iphone 6 and it worked out just fine. What's important is to remain focused on getting that degree and graduating.	2
Todo es delicioso ??	2
It looks delicious. want to eat like this ????	2
Welcome Nikhil! Cant wait to learn more from you about all that delicious Indian fast food ??	2
Excelente relajacin para mis odos ?? y sabes que es lo ms gracioso que estoy trabajando y me siento con sue?o ????????	1
"Hands up who got this in their recommended because of Eurovision?

Btw, you were a fantastic host Nikkie ?"	2
Did you and Mikey survive that fall at the end?	1
"You are Really a hard worker ?? 
I loved that you were doing ... 
I'm also a cube lover but I'm a beginner.. 
I really appreciate what you did!"	2
She did the right thing.  Integrity means everything.	2
i'm a pressure learner, i only learn school material when there's severe stress and doubts about my future imposed on me	0
I would think some of that is probably due to the fact that it is a per transaction fee and while institutional investors have larger transactions retail has a higher amount of them.	1
"""Dad I solved my cube in 3 seconds!!!""
Dad: ""How long did it take?"""	2
"My first experience with gangs was working in a hospital and having a patient come in with severe trauma from a motorcycle accident. He looked much like this guy, tattooed from head to toe with his gang numbers and multiple scars from stabbings and gun shots. The guy didn't make it and when we called the family to tell them he was dying his mother's reply was ""he brought this upon himself with the life he was living"", no one showed up through his dying process. I ended up sitting with him after my shift was over until he passed. In the end,  I didn't care what he had done in his life I just wanted him to know someone cared for him regardless. 
My best to Baldacci, it sounds like he has people who love him and that's what matters ??"	0
Sorry I cut out they had maintenance on my power lines today but yes captain marvel has been hinted at for so long by captain america saying she's off planet to Kamala with the poster it's supposed to be what 5 to 10 years in the future she hasn't came back yet?	1
The part when they do the bounce  though ??????????	2
I usually don't leave good comments, but you're a pretty funny guy, good personality, and it's a shame that somebody so smart made very little on a really cool game like that. I hope it becomes much more successful. Shout out to all the underdog nerds out there who don't get what they truly deserve.	2
What most people don't understand is that basic education is 80% culture. You can't just write a list of things to learn, you need to design an engaging environment for people to receive information and play out tests. You also need to include the parents of children to make them understand and play in key of the curriculum.	1
Excellent video! I love how you presented the content...it's packed full of information and you get straight to the point with interesting graphics. There's lot's of value add in this 14 min video. Great work putting this together! subbed :)	2
Stockfish crushes itself, then analyzes its mistakes. What a gigachad.	0
Get ready for the *Let's just take time to appreciate how much time and effort he puts in his videos*	2
Shes so goofy man ??. I love her personality ????	2
When I saw Melissa Jeffersons reaction during the announcements I immediately knew USA was going to win. She looked dialed in.	2
A lot of talk about highlights, but no highlights. Typical CBS talk.	0
He is not only a fabulous singer,but also a great composer, lyricist,great human being....he knows to play every instruments...and he is brand ambassador of Uttarakhand culture...????????????????	2
You guys dont know how lucky you are to be American and be able to choose jobs and reject  six figure salaries. Im from Zimbabwe and getting a job is a miracle. Like seriously, I hope you appreciate how lucky you are??????	2
He's a singing toaster , wasteman running 9volts for a pulse..	1
I don't always agree with them, but, they ARE hilarious!	2
"*42:19*
*I'm honestly impressed by the time and effort you put into these videos, Keep it up!*
??"	2
As a Marine with 7 years of service, I can say that hazing 100% exists and is an integral part of Marine Corps basic training. Full Metal Jacket was the most accurate representation, but its more than that. Also, you dont shoot unless its to kill. Not to disarm, not to scare, but to kill. And if youre with anyone thats afraid to do so, you cant trust them to have your back.	0
"Searching ""Pressure Cooker bombs"" and then ""Backpack"" sometimes does lead to FBI raids."	1
Does anyone else love her voice?  Its very calming to me.	2
"My favorites:
4:15 Scrub and plastic wrap

1:20:38 Vinyl Pouch

1:27:15 Plastic Wrap 1

1:33:18 Lens Pouch

1:37:40 Silicon Mat

1:40:01 Squeeze

1:52:52 Ribbon Hair Accessory Tapping

1:56:57 Shaving cream and foam

2:01:52 Sponge mic tapping

1:35:10 Bubble Wrap

2:20:12 Plastic wrap (Stellar X2)

2:31:25 Plastic Wrap (EarPod)

2:39:19 Plastic container

3:02:52 Paper

3:19:39 Crinkle Sound

3:28:25 Cork with beads inside"	1
"1:20 mozzarella corn dog
1:56 onion rings
2:45 chicken nuggets
9:30 hashbrowns
10:55 alfredo sauce
12:17 sprite drink"	1
As a Swede in very greatful for the time and effort you put into this video that is dedicated to us. Thank you very much, as always this was a great video with great quality.	2
Pretty brave of Unity to sponsor their #1 competitor. Great stuff!	2
DAMN THIS SONG IS SO GOOD BRO	2
gracias estaba en un logro de plantas vs zombies en una guia decia right y gracias a vos me salvaste	1
This song hits different now that I'm listening to this on a late night in the middle of June	2
Hi, Tee. This looks delicious, I'm from Brazil ????	2
I love how there are just 2 types of RP players. The hardcore nerdy ones that are dead serious and those like soup that just have fun annoying others	2
"Suggestion: What was life like on an early California rancho.
Also, how did things change in Spain's North  America colonies when Mexico took them over?"	1
Never thought I would understand Dr. Penrose's answer more than Dr. Peterson's questions.	1
"FULL ALGEBRA PLAYLIST: https://bit.ly/ludus_algebra

Hope this helps with your review!!"	2
"I started my 'Computer Engineering' course this year, at age 32. Sometimes I feel so bad in the classes, cause I'm ""too old"", and everyone else there is almost teenagers. Also, at this age, everyone expect me to have childrens and a job, not to be in college. But now, watching this video, this made me so PROUND and happy. All of this is too beatifull, and I'll do whatever it takes. Science is my passion since I was a kid, and this is all that really matter."	2
Love how you got kicked for fail rp after they used grab script to remove you from a moving vehicle then teleported you to the cell area then kicks you for fail rp ?????? fail rp is only a thing for anyone that's not a mod or add ??????imagine	0
"Mojang Nn thm world m?i l ""soul world"" th? s? c th? d? hi?u v? mod: allay , vex,...."	1
Tamil is a tremendous success. May they get that success or more in Hindi too. Looking at the casting, there is hope, and so are the directors. The end bgm is ??...	2
Successful people don't become that way overnight. what most people see at a glance-wealth, a great career, purpose-is the result of hard work and hustle over time. I pray that anyone who reads this will be successful in life..	2
First goal for Brentford was a masterpiece. Loved it. Mitrovic is a killer	2
This song is Fuckin Legendary! It's been 4 years and I still can't get it to stop playing in my mind. At totally random times, I sometimes shout 'Signal signal!' or hum random parts of the song while reading. This song is like the Genetic code itself, tightly packed with the entire summary of Evolutionary and developmental biology in a few minutes. I was starting out with Embryology when this song came out and this made me understand the genetic regulation part so well. Still waiting for some more amazing songs like this one. This is still my favorite though. It was my ringtone for a year.	2
Sending good vibes and wishing everyone who's prepping for an upcoming interview luck! ??	2
"I can't wait to read the ""Who is here after the reunion?"" comment..."	2
Europe is forever in debt for the bravery of Ukraine. Hopefully russia shall pay to rebuild Ukraina. Slava!	0
Who else here listening to this in February 2022 anyone ? ??????	2
Very surprised with this month's list, considering how every single item in the list feels like it could go with my setup or just seems super cool to me. Usually there's one or two items that I don't think I'd personally find useful, but I am 100% adding all these items to my wishlist!	2
More over, Alex exposing us to a lead solder smell and grinding dust!	0
Aren't we all so fortunate to be able to listen in and watch a conversation like this?	2
"The way she says ""attorney at law"" reminds me a lot of Allison, from Orphan Black ??"	2
This is such an emotional experience. To know what it feels like to have your life in danger was terrifying. Our dinosaur dying at the end to show that we all meet the end of life sooner or later was very smart writing. The giant boulder chasing the dinosaur, representing the death he was running from was perfectly done. The dinosaur running faster after witnessing the deaths of his pterodactyl friends shows how the dinosaur felt.  The monochrome background also works in to express the traumatization that the poor rex experienced.	1
"?End of quote. Repeat the line.
- Joe Biden 81 million votes"	1
Merci encore pour toute tes vidos ????????????	2
you can tell how close she must be to her mum, she mentions her every 2 minutes its so adorable	2
"I love stuff involving ships and the ocean. Love learning about shipwrecks, exploration voyages, etc.
Like a lot of events that happened in history, pirates have been romanticized over time and as a result, what we've perceived as how these people lived is not all true."	2
"I love your all videos ??. .
Love from india ??"	2
"""he played it somewhere in 2016, so it's fresh in my mind"""	1
Chess clock brief history would be good to have been included in this documentary. How would one classify classical chess against rapid chess without clock? Nevertheless, this is such a good film. Finally, a chess film that has filled the void!	2
I started teaching biology in 1993 and I KNOW my kids (now middle aged) KNOW it was Rosalind Franklin who did the work. Hank, thank you. I left teaching, but am thinking about getting back into the classroom. Using your videos to study up for the test to get recertified. :)	2
This quickly turned into very possible moments.	2
For me, whether or not the cube is stickered actually matters a lot. I have always used a stickerless cube, and when I got a stickered cube, I noticed that I was a lot worse at look ahead - I made more mistakes in F2L and took longer to look.	0
"This song is so calming
And so cute
I love the lyrics"	2
Rip iwata, a legend, never forgotten	2
"When Groot said ""It's Grootin' time"" I fell into tears, what an emotional scene with amazing script writing! Keep up the hard work!"	2
Crypto and other markets have some rough roads ahead, but as Albert Einstein once said Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.  We will get through it!	2
This is the best EW presentation on YT!!   I so resonate with the no BS straight up say it like it is lessons during review! TY Nick!!	2
Lo emocionado que estoy por esta serie es increble	1
"Dark mode was the first thing i check in the settings lol ??
Everything is dark mode for me if it is possible lol"	2
Gabriel Jesus has seriously fit into this squad like a glove ,two goals and two assist is amazing .saka looked a bit quiet today but its probably due to his fitness not being up to speed this early on ,zinchenko did good and marteneli fried fofona who looks like hes about ti go for 80 mill..If we get another signing Ill be happy .this team is looking very promising	2
I've been using the door trick for years. Had a base entrance that used it once. Only problem is since they added crawling if you don't time it right you get sandwiched under the top block of the door.	0
"Biden: ""How much do you think we need to give them to secure their vote but leave some left over for future elections?""
Answer: $10K"	1
Daniel you, my friend, are a legend. It's so good to see such passion and enthusiasm for your craft, and the ML community is glad to have someone like you blazing a trail so that the new members can follow.	2
Olor is absolutely adorable. Such a magnetic personality! Tingboy isn't far behind, I see! Great channel. Kids love it.	2
I loved that you added volleyball in this compilation! More less popular sports need recognition, like cricket, dodgeball and badminton.	2
"Mano n?o vou falar dela, mas o que fizeram com o Hulk,  uma das coisas mais tristes que j aconteceu na face da Terra??.
Do pice de um personagem incrvel para s mais um????."	1
the brides father in this is in a ton of dramas, he's really good at playing harsh grandfather or CEO types, usually if he's in a drama I watch it	2
This guy is good.  QT is going to be big factor slowing the economy.	2
"I love how people have interships in big companies like Microsoft, google, etc. And in my country theres no companies like those :(
I live in Venezuela a very poor country I only want to have my degree and get out of this shithole"	0
"I truly enjoyed this interview. I gave us a window to see this man soul and the work that he's doing to change his life.
We're quick to judge people based on their looks but if we're able to get past that we can discover that this people are just human like any of us. They had little to no choice about their lifestyle but once they break the cycle I actually feel good for them."	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin LIKEXXX.Uno
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:21 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la tqzl

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ''oh, esto es hermoso'' a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial."	1
"Free/Cheaper Alternatives:
Krita instead of PS
Blender default one.
Affinity or Inkscape for vector art.
Asprtie for Pixel art"	1
Manz was on demon time when he said how does it feel like to be in a retirement home. Lmfao ??	1
Love that he mentioned the willingness to learn, to keep learning, and the value of education when it comes to the language of business.	2
The first man is definitely, Golden Buzzer!!!!  What a voice!	2
Hi guys, which minecraft youtuber do you like the most ?	1
Excellent introduction to the topic. Great slides, great explanation, right pace. Really good.	2
Yall know that JR and Kane clip made my day	2
I love this song a heard it on the radio and fell in love with it!!!	2
Thank you so much for this! I had an easy time following the pace of the course. Also, the examples and exercises were great! With 30-60 minutes per day, I could complete the course in 5 days. Good Stuff!	2
Great to hear your story! Was an amazing journey. Please use your smarts for good and make game monetization less predatory for all who play the games you work on. It's an incredibly important issue and I'm so happy to hear that people are thinking about and specializing in work like that.	2
????? ??? ????? ???? ???????? ?????? ??????????	1
T? esperando lan?ar o switch oled nacional pra eu comprar ele ?? n?o vejo a horaaaaa, quero muito jogar	2
THANK YOU a Thousand times for this explanation.  I can definitely understand now how some teammates and coaches didnt like Trevor but speaking as a fan of the Indians during his time in Cleveland I can say we loved Trevor and were sorry to see him go though I understand why	1
"One of my favorite cakes my mother ever made started out as a near fail. It was a cheesecake that had cracked down the middle. We had blueberries growing in our yard, so she took a bunch that we'd already picked, cooked them down into a thick jelly, and poured it into the crack. As I recall, she called it ""Grand Canyon Blueberry Cheesecake."""	2
This made my little nerves ending tickle. One of the best/funniest RP so far	2
I love how new yorkers put pride over common sense as if there were anything to be proud of, they deserve exactly all the things are going through.	2
I'm not really surprised at how you were treated. Apple likes to control the narrative. Always has. I'm glad you shared this story. Makes you more trustworthy, in my opinion.	2
This is genuinely one of the most loving things I've ever seen. That was just righteous ?	2
Feeling nostalgia for songs of years when I didn't even exist is my passion	2
365 data science a best place to learn data science and today's content was super. The concept of learning things in 5mins says how this website have depth knowledge of data science. I always love 365 data science website ???	2
I used to own a Betamax (Similar to VHS) tape of Top Gun many years ago and me and my 2 kids (aged 5 and 4) would watch it almost daily. Now they're grown up and have their own family and yet we got to watch Maverick together at home here in the Philippines. It was an absolutely amazing sequel and yes we all felt the stress and emotions just as you did Magy. Your reactions were so on point and wonderful to watch. Thank you!	2
What is one of the first things a defense lawyer will do when faced with anyone who has vital information that can result in the summary conviction of their client? If you can't discredit the evidence, discredit the witness by any means possible, either through facts, relevant or otherwise, or innuendoes . . . That is exactly what Trump and the Republican party are attempting to do	0
"5 minutes in and I can say I'm not frightened of AI I'm frightened of the motives of those who control it!
We should all have our own personal decentralised AI."	1
"Duncan :your staff , their appearance made me lose my appetite 
THE WORKER ????: you can take those rude comments outside , then maybe youll find your appetite????STOPP"	0
Absolutely loved seeing some of the old insect designs, super cool stuff!	2
  ??	1
Yo opin que el juego es perfecto as, lo nico que sera genial es jugarlo sin online ya que muchsimas personas no tienen para el servicio.	1
"I love the high quality of this series and how the team behind it is willing to give away more prize money than any other competition game show.

Edit: wow thanks for the likes"	2
Thank you Smitha. I have been pondering over ML not knowing from where to start. You have provided a good starting point. i really appreciate it	2
I've studied a bit of all sorts of physics, quantum physics, classical and relativistic physics regarding nuclear energy and radioactive decay, but I've noticed that the classical physics of nyoton is still the hardest for me, especially the motion of liquids and solid objects like projectiles.??	0
Hi Jonathan, awesome video. Please rate the online data science or big data courses and share your opinion regarding if they are any good in landing you a job vs a Masters in CS.	2
Subscribe and your LIFE will be AWESOME forever!! Offer only last 30 minutes ??	2
"""So I did some googling, and with a bit of time, I learned quantum theory and I am speaking to you through the threads of a black hole"""	1
"Big thanks to @tailorbrands for sponsoring this video!
 Use code upflip40 for 40% off at check out! Click here http://tailorbrands.com/upflip to get your business started today!"	2
Thank you so much!! Ive failed so many interviews and after practicing for my recent one using the lessons in these series, Ive got the job offer on the same day! Good luck to everyone!	2
Lets take the moment to appreciate how much effort he puts into his for us. Great job mate	2
I am very thankful for such a long, amazing, touching and emotional doc. and for having Sir David Attenborough as the narator of most part of the video. What a lovely gift have BBC offered us!	2
I failed my precalc class my first semester of college. I did an easier math class the second semester and passed it. I'm ready to try the precalc again. Even though I failed the class, I learned that math is one of the most beautiful languages in the world. Math is great. I'm not good at it by any stretch. I will still conquer this though.	2
I love how in the first one he immediately turns to the penalty box like I know the drill guys	2
"As a PhD student in machine learning I must say : don't be fooled by this stuff. 
These types of AI are specifically designed to mimic the way humans interacts with each others, but would be utterly unable to produce their own new ideas or opinions on any subjects, which would be an essential criterion for consciousness."	0
"for info: 
1) At 32:52, to avoid UserWarning: X does not have valid feature names, we need to train the model with the values of input_dataset. i.e, use X.values instead of X in model.fit(X.values, y). 
2) 42:04, joblib is now a seperate py package. we now need to import it as import joblib rather than from skilearn.externals. 
Anyway thanks Mosh for another great tutorial.."	2
Great content in your channel, Im 53 and my wife and I reached $1M net worth in 2017, five years later its $2.4M. Our yearly salary is a little over $100K. We drive older cars, cook at home, eat leftovers, and have 2 in college. We saved for college and our boys help by working. They will graduate debt free.	2
I love that music is like a universal language. Many people can interpret it differently, but it all sounds the same to us and we can all understand it :) anyway to whoever reading this have an amazing day or night and just know that i love you <3	2
"Thank you so much to those that were able to join us on this video's premiere!! Please expand the video details- or this comment- to see a helpful table of contents and information about a video companion handout to further help with studying. Also, this is the longest video we will likely ever make. :D Even after all the proofing, we may find a typo or a needed clarification. We'll put it in this pinned comment if so :)

TIME-STAMPED TABLE OF CONTENTS
Click on the time stamps to access that part of the video. Also, the numbers on the left of the topics correspond to the grid box on our *video companion* which is linked on our website.  To find the video companion, scroll down to the topic ""review"" (alphabetically listed) on https://www.amoebasisters.com/handouts 

1. Characteristics of Life 1:56
2. Levels of Organization 2:36
3. Biomolecules 3:47
4. Enzymes 4:36
5. Prokaryotic Cells & Eukaryotic Cells  AND  Intro to Cells 5:27
6. Inside the Cell Membrane AND Cell Transport 6:31
7. Osmosis 7:43
8. Cellular Respiration, Photosynthesis, AND Fermentation 8:57
9. DNA (Intro to Heredity) 10:03
10. DNA Replication 11:41
11. Cell Cycle 12:34
12. Mitosis 13:55
13. Meiosis 14:41
14. Alleles and Genes 16:10
15. Genetics (including Monohybrid, Dihybrid, Sex-Linked Traits, Multiple Alleles, Incomplete Dominance & Codominance, AND Pedigrees) 17:57
16. Protein Synthesis 19:30
17. Mutations 20:58
18. Natural Selection AND Genetic Drift 22:00
19. Bacteria 24:12
20. Viruses 25:17
21. Classification AND Protists & Fungi 26:21
22. Plant Structure 27:58
23. Plant Reproduction in Angiosperms 29:15
24. Food Chains & Food Webs 31:22
25. Ecological Succession 33:00
26. Carbon & Nitrogen Cycle 34:40
27. Ecological Relationships 36:56
28. Human Body System Functions Overview 38:30"	2
"""I'm a clown, like John Wayne gacy"" is one of my favorite things he's ever said"	2
I remember reading about neutrinos 40 years ago. They had just built neutrino detectors and had calculated the predicted number of events from solar neutrinos. The estimates were off by 1/3. They had not hypothesized the neutrino mixing at that time.	1
The best way to measure your investing success is not by whether youre beating the market but by whether youve put in place a financial plan and a behavioral discipline that are likely to get you where you want to go.	2
This is great advice. I think that going over all the problems I get wrong will really help increase my ACT score. I really like how you set your lock screen and created a schedule. Thankyou :)	2
"*41:57*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
Chelsea, I'm a teacher, and I have to confess that I was waiting for you to miss a detail I would have to pause and explain to students. It didn't happen! Your videos are excellent.	2
"1.  Come up with a pacing strategy 
2.  Review previous tests 
3. Rework old mistakes 
4. Review concepts you're always struggle with"	1
"Mathematician:  You can't divide by 0.

Physicist:  It will cancel out with another infinity later on."	1
"Best. Music. Video. Ever.
??????
Great Job Jimmy! 
#itsamarylandthing
Perfect thing for Maryland Day!"	2
Ahhh cest trop cool, vite que le jeu sorte ????	2
Hey, thanks for including the bit about the neutron lifetime question. I have worked on the UCNtau experiment and its nice to see this parameter mentioned as an important question. For those curious, the lifetime is believed to be around 880 sec, but the statistics are still underperforming, and of course this result deviates from the older bottle/beam experiments by such a degree that there is not yet a consensus.	1
Subscribed after watching this. Love the way you explain. You explain the concept very clearly and also you add a little bit of the code which gives me a great preparation for the coding application. Keep up the good work Lawrence	2
Do You Like The New Face Cam And Intro Style?	1
Film nya bagus baru saya nonton kemarin di bioskop ???? rangking  99 lagu nya juga bagus	2
Love this so much! ??????Look so delicious! ??????	2
Cdc couldve responded whatever way they wanted, but as we all saw  during the pandemic, too many people would have simply not cared.  Heck it was too much for them to even wear a mask	0
Sunny is really trying out the food of the world .. the ones that people are afraid to try .. yet sunny shows how people eat around the world and still live !!! Best food program ever .. I think I have seen literally every single video	2
1 con beat th?t ??n gi?n nh?ng r?t chill ??????so lit ??????	2
I'm really hoping we get to battle other regions champions in the end game, and who else prefers mega evolution.	2
Practice makes perfect! Good luck to everyone who is trying to take the SAT. And thanks, bro :)	2
?????????????????? ?????????? ???????? ???????????? ?????????? Alles sehr sch?n. Aber zuerst zusammen die Nummern 10 und 1. Eine empr.ONLINE Brnette und eine andere Blondine. Es w?re unfairg, wenn ich 4 w?hlen wrde	1
This is so incredibly cozy! Your personal attention is instantly stress melting. Thank you, Abby! xo	2
Yeah this is so insane, the lawsuit is super laughable lmao	0
"A very important thing is left out I think. Shakespeare was aiming for a wide range of accessibility so that he could pay his bills. He wrote for the ignorant barbarous ""ground- ling"" and for the intellectual as well. Milton actually says in the opening invocation of book 7 of Paradise Lost ""Still govern thou my song, Urania, and fit audience find, though few!"". He's pretty aware that he wont be liked by a great number of people but wants to ""soar above th' Aonian mount"" anyhow."	1
"18:13 Would be called a triple doink.

Well, maybe if it hit the uprights only _three_ times but it hit _four_ times so I think the _quadruple doink_ is more fitting."	1
Shes slowly bringing  back 2009-2014 music I love her so much	2
Congratulations you have just solved the solved cube	2
He should be in interrogation to find out exactly what he gave to exactly who	1
The sad thing is this was posted 7 years ago and nothing has changed in the school system.	0
to each and every one of you struggling about your sat, i hope you all get a good scores	2
that tactical one just hits home man like its crazy	1
Muito bom dia com muita sade que delcia sua refei??o ????????????????????????????	2
Love your contents. Will definitely consider your tips in my room design journey! Thanks a bunch.	2
Lucky that steel energy card wasnt very old. Some collectors would be having a mental breakdown if it was. Also, love to see u got pokemon cards too and love to see more backrooms content!	2
So fye seeing Chris going from no music vids to all dese new shits?? Still remember when BIJB first came out?? Prouda you Chris????	2
Great video! As an established data scientist myself, this is definitely an accurate data science project lifecycle; however, I almost never go through all of these steps in the same day. You can spend whole days just cleaning data, tuning models, or putting things into production. The work that you do can also vary by company, some data scientists only work on part of that lifecycle just doing exploration and modeling or modeling and productionization. I have a few videos on my channel that complement this one nicely for those interested!	2
Song acha lga ho please ?? subscribe kardo	1
From what I have seen, the majority of people are expecting another dump of BTC. The only reason I think it won't. When in doubt, the majority is wrong.	0
"Timmy: lets see how fast we can spin it!
The cube: ah shiiiii-"	1
This isnt cooking, this is art	1
The biggest change Apple needs to make is to deal with their ethics issues.  That means no longer lying to their customers, not abusing them, not wallet r@ping them for profit, not gaslighting them,  being honest about how private Apple products *REALLY* are, not using decieving marketing, etc.  That way, they might start to get back some of their credibility back. At this stage they have a *HUGE* problem on their hands, as they are rapidly gaining a reputation for being one of the most unethical and dishonset companies around.	0
As the pinned comment already said, I think this was one of your coolest videos. It had a lot of weird but cool and fascinating clips! I really enjoy watching your content!	2
Such a joy to watch KF Seetoh. His passion for the local food scene. The way he celebrates the hawkers and food stall owners. Couldn't stop smiling the entire video. 29:48 was touching. Love the guy????	2
im in grade 11 and this video is very helpful!	2
Cest quoi le jeu  la fin de la vido ? Si cest bien un jeu	1
     ,      ) ,     !       )	1
She isnt a bad mom to do that. Lots of kids think that they can be an epic gamer and earn tons but the sad truth is that life is unfair.	0
I used to be self-conscious about my stuttering problem, but seeing Elon comfortable in his skin and achieve the success he has is truly inspiring. My favorite talk of his to date.	2
Thank you so much for this - I'm finally following my heart and transferring to a major in English Literature, coming from a biology major. At times I get anxiety about it, wondering how what I am learning will be useful, aside from the fact that I love it. This is just what I needed to hear.	2
I basically watched all of GOT by myself, none of my real life friends cared for the show. So I turned to YouTube reactions and somehow you guys became my GOT friends, people who I could relate too after each episode. Thank you for getting the gang back together ??.	2
Mr beast really went from making commentary videos to changing many peoples lives .. Jimmy is the best creator ever..	2
I just found out that THIS John Green is actually THAT John Green!!	2
It's really cool to compare the leap in cinematography when it comes to filming the action with the fighters. In the 80s it was amazing, but now it looks pretty calm, and the shots in this movie taken from inside and outside the planes are amazing.	2
Te qued muy bien el video Santi, me relajas demasiado :)	2
TSP is a NP hard problem but so is making this video. Every seconds of the video I see an exponential effort invested. Thank you so much!	2
Could you make one for physics?(specifically astrophysics or quantum mechanics), I've already decided to have my career in physics, just wanted to see how many other people would want to as well ??	2
Today AMZNV4 is less than $1. Time for everybody to wake up and get with the winning team.	2
What caused the big bang? Cern.	1
"Compared to the same time last year, I feel like I'm living in the cloud 9. 3 games, 3 wins, 9 points, 9 goals scored with only 2 goals allowed. Can you believe that?

For ones like Tierney, Tomiyasu, and Smith Rowe who were main starters for Arsenal last season, we will definitely need their contribution more as the season goes by. I hope they can be patient, grab the opportunities, and show what they are capable of on the pitch as the season keep going on. Compared to the last season, this is a huge improvement. The squad depth is so much thicker that we are using Tomiyasu, Smith Rowe, and Tierney as substitutes. Hopefully next week, I would like to see Vieira to make a debut even if it's just for 10 or 20 minutes."	2
A Writer's Odyssey is very original and entertaining. It has flaws, but it's wildly imaginative. Fantasy? Sci-Fi?  Pure action epic?  It's hard to say what genre it belongs to.  But it's certainly not the usual Hollywood remake or evil a Marvel creation.  I saw it and was pretty impressed.  I can actually see Hollywood doing a remake on it because its story is so original and amazing.	2
Les 10k sa va vite , elle sont superbes tes vidos continue le stick ??	2
Never disappoints??????	2
As always multiple companies rush to launch the product but we all know that it wont be a viable thing until Apple does it	1
Thank you for this video! I am taking thermodynamics 2 right now and this is honestly a great review of all the basic thermo ideas!	2
A very tearful moment for me as the lion was in need of help and the other one come to help ,then they actually rolled in the grass to celebrate their victory , amazing love that has been	2
"Aronian has such a great attitude towards the game of chess.
Such a gentleman."	2
"Congrats! Google is known for pretty lowball offers due to prestige and all the benefits it provides (and tbh there are a lot). There's even an internal joke where the excuse for the lowball is ""we pay 5-10% of the market"" lmao. But overall I think it boils down to the team (at least for me). If the difference between the offers is around 20%, I would choose one which has better WLB and more interesting work. I hope you enjoy your new endeavor! 
P.S. Was that for L4? I believe that would be high band of L4 or low band for L5, latter is more likely though."	2
this song was well produced. everytime i hear it it puts me in one of the highest times of my life. it has a permanent happy effect on me. hotels. money. bitches.. good tree and tequila.. sunrises.. long nights..	2
Trump played right into Garland's hands.	0
"Game dev in my head: I'm gonna make a hyper realistic level with amazing movement, combat and an adaptive AI
Game dev in reality: Help I've imported a mesh and crashed my computer"	0
This is the kind of economist I would like to be - able to communicate the wisdom of economics to anyone.	2
"Very well thought - I agree with everything that has been said in the video.
I used the breadth-first approach when I changed my career to Software Engineering couple years ago, and yes, it's least painful and most effective way to learn skills for a technical industries.

Thanks for the video, I'm just starting with Data Science and this is very helpful - not that you only say what to learn, but also how and where ?? ?????"	2
this is awesome, this is how a tutorial should be! i did not think i could have finished it all the way, and right now im already on 3.5. if i can really make some good use of coding, i will surely [join] i'd love to watch more of your tut.	2
I have a huge...HUGE rat-phobia...so I know i don't wanna encounter an Albino rat the size of a small fully grown dog...the sight alone will most probably kill me.	0
2020 who still rockin with it	1
I love seeing these children get so mad over their precious RP server rules getting broken. Shit kills me.	0
Dude all the walking back forth to get those shots of you walking haha. Props to you man	2
This film becomes much more enjoyable as you watch it several times.	2
ngl im not into this whole aesthetics vibe but ur videos have helped me find the right accessories for my switch and have made my days more peaceful. thanks peachdudu	2
Retiring early is possible but tough, it definitely requires discipline and big sacrifices. Its not only about saving, the huge step is boosting earning capacity. The stock market and real estate are by far the most profitable my portfolio has experienced.	2
This stuff is great!  I love to see you helping people who may need it!  The teacher you helped was so genuine....i started to cry just watching it....I'd probably pass out if that ever happened to me and my family  haha	2
Seriously, how are these weird topics so engaging? Probably the professionals they feature, but this is a fantastic series.	2
This is an amazing course. Fast paced, detailed and very well thought through. Nana is an expert with great communication.	2
theory: the reason why you saw a second karl might have something to do with abandoned cars like Cristine. Karl is the first abandoned car and over time it withered and due to the desert heat its paint melted all over it making it all covered in blue paint and eventually a bunny accidently glitched in there and died and they're soul got sucked in creating the first karl which then killed the player and over time the karl became more and more smart and even attained sentience and started converting other cars into karls and karrot and karla were his first ones which had a few problems which is why they are diffrent eventually karl found out about you and how many times you abandoned cristine and the last time you did he converted all of the old ones (he kept on finding new ones not going back and getting them back) and are now mad at you and your stupid sedan. it also explains why he keeps coming back	1
Incredible guts.	2
Respected ma'am, the video was highly informative. Thank you ma'am for teaching so many concepts about machines????	2
"Let me note that ""Computer Graphics"" programming doesn't only involve images. There's been some work on writing GPGPU software, i.e. CUDA/OpenCL, that accelerates system processes that are traditionally given to CPUs. In particular, anything that can benefit from parallel computing will need GPU software."	1
Great work I actually need help solving my Rubiks cube !	2
"*14:22*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
He is only the person in the TEDx Talks who stood in a same place in the whole video.	1
"as a cs student this poured a bucket of passion into me

**Update: I will be a data science intern at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center summer 2022**"	2
"One of my classmates from college was a former software developer.
He managed to break into the field without a CS degree but the company he worked for
had to downsize. They decided to lay off all employees who didn't have a 4-year degree. 
It's an anecdotal example but having a degree in CS or a related field is a good 
investment for increased job security within such a volatile field of work."	2
Should have started with SL on the mystic room, they go before zemo	1
My favourite writer and the writer that got me into reading literature	2
One day... one day I'd love to watch one of these pokemon presents and have a new shadow pokemon game be revealed.	2
K	1
It's always a calm day when Dreamhop releases a new mix ??	2
I actually pondered on how dragons would be able to breath fire and I brought the topic up to my mom. I had the idea that they had to have an organ in their body that would produce a highly reactive gas, or liquid, and that when it was forced out it would either ignite from the oxygen or something else would ignite it internally, which is where my mom got the idea that Dragons would have a crop like chickens have, and throughout a dragons lifetime they would eat rocks of Flint that would go into that crop. When the dragon needed to breath fire that crop would constrict extremely fast while the gas/liquid came up, igniting and sending out flames. The Dragons internals being protecting by a thick, flame retardant, mucus.	1
"I never thought that this movie will be made without Chadwick Boseman & and it still feels incomplete.
But now nothing can be done about it. I'll watch this movie for the man who left his legacy behind in this world & went for eternity.
RIP Chadwick Boseman?? 
Our Black Panther Forever.
#WakandaForever"	0
"Should we consider Caleb's comments on Psychic Rapport to be an official errata? Because as written, when the Phoenix player takes that action, they would not be able to choose that option. It would have to read something like: ""...return a Cyclops card from the discard pile to the Cyclops' player's hand..."""	1
He repeats his stories alot. and tbh i think that's what made him such a good explainer. He hones the same explanation until he masters it and finally blesses us young minds.	2
Can't wait to see how it turns out. Looks sick so far ?? ??	2
A lot of comments, virtually no one citing the elephant in the room:  systemic racist school funding based upon property taxes.  Other countries INSIST that every school district be funded the same.  These countries are consistently rated at the top in worldwide education surveys and results.  BTW, these countries also fully fund health care and mental health too!	1
In my younger years I guided Flyfishing in Alaska. When Looking out the window of the float plane, sometimes Id see ponds that almost looked like they were boiling. It was natural gas coming up through the permafrost. The Arctic regions of Europe have these same stores of natural gas. They need to utilized as a measure of self sufficiency, energy independent, and security. The idea they havent thought of this is crazy.  To rely on countries that harbor governments that brutalize their own citizens is not good business. Did you turn your back on the bully at school? Smiling and being nice is one thing, but being in bed with evil is another.	0
I wanted at least a 1300. That was my goal, my minimum. I Got an 1170. Now Im retaking it senior year but Im completely dejected. I have a couple weeks left. Im really trying to understand things better. People are counting on me.	0
Goering's original message to Hitler was very concilatory and respectfully asked if a transfer of power was neccessary.  Unfortunately for Goering, the message fell into the hands of Martin Bormann, who despised him.  Bormann changed the tone of the message to make it look like Goering was issuing and ultimatum.	0
I saw a silver fox once. I was four-wheeling with my grandpa while he was out moose hunting. And it ran right in front of us, and it didnt even seem scared. They are absolutely gorgeous in person, pictures dont do them justice ??	2
Absolutely love Danny DeVito, such a fantastic actor! So likeable as well!	2
"What are your thoughts on being an energy independent nation? What are your thoughts on nuclear energy?

?? WBF University - Join My School Here:
? https://whiteboardfinance.com/wbf-university-waitlist"	1
"Hi Tina! Do you think doing only analysis is good for your resume? For example, imagine that I scrape data from glassdoor and I do a analysis on the salaries of data scientists in the US. After finishing the analysis on the data, I got some pretty cool insights but I didn't use Machine Learning in the end project. 
So, is a project like that good for my resume?
I'm a major in Data Science and your videos help a lot."	2
this is how you get 18 years of experience at the age of 20	1
? gi? cx th?c m?c, m?t video qu hay	1
Looks amazing.  Waluigi Pinball had some Electrodrome thrown in	2
The animals are so cute	2
Luis Diaz always showing great character and ready to sacrifice anything for this team ????	2
I'm taking a machine learning course and this is what I needed to completely understand each method. Great video, concise and easy to follow. Thanks!	2
sometimes i'm just taking my test and the voice scares me loooool... im like where is that coming from?	0
Maybe they will do the augmented reality glasses ????	1
Just when I thought I failed chemistry.... I got an A thanks to your videos ????	2
Thanks for the insights Luke. Just one quick question, how was your experience of using Windows on a Macbook Pro? Does it help with using Excel, SQL etc.? Keep up the good work!	2
Jacquees got that old school R&B Flow, it's to wavy	1
Me encanta sus canales se nota que tienen bonita relacin de hermanos ?? ademas cuando hacen colaboracin me gusta que se comparten las cosas y el diferente estilo que tienen de asmr mukbang.	1
I really appreciate you covering the colorblind aspect. I have to have grey instead of green and black instead of orange on my cubes because of my color deficiency and it means significantly less choice in cubes. It's very frustraiting.	0
I'm a Computer Science major and a few months away for graduation. Your videos have helped me out. Great job keep it up!!	2
"I think its always been understood that the rich and powerful are above the law. They either can afford good atterneys, lobby to have the laws changed in their, or know the right people to make things ""go away"". This would be a good chance to take a step toward being a country where no one is above the law. To send the signal that enough is enough, NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW!!!"	1
It felt strange hearing Cala with a Russian accent, but Im weirdly okay with it.	1
When it comes to investing, we want our money to grow with the highest rates of return, and the lowest risk possible. While there are no shortcuts to getting rich, but there are smart ways to go about it	2
"? Chapters

00:00 Win with 1.e4 as White, Best Chess Opening
00:25 Scotch Gambit for White
01:06 1) If Black plays 4...Nxe4
02:35 2) If Black plays 4...Nxd4
03:38 3) If Black plays 4...exd4
04:13 Black's two choices on move 5
06:34 Common tactical pattern you should know
08:02 Black's correct response, to counterattack
09:21 Simple & Effective Variation
10:30 73% Win Rate, Deadly Trap
13:04 Can you find the winning move?
13:20 Black's correct response: Be7"	1
Cool little detail you might have missed is that at the beginning when that guy finds the Spear of Destiny and then turns and looks over his shoulder at seemingly nothing, it was because he sensed Constatine was behind him. Later on in the movie when Constatine uses that electric chair to track  down where the Spear is, it shows him standing behind the guy when he finds the Spear. So it's like a little time travel thing.	1
As a business owner and video enthusiast I LOVE your channel! The details you get about business operations are fantastic! Your video production has continued to improve and is AMAZING. The lighting, transitions, pacing, camera motion and audio are absolutely top level... and this video took lighting to a new level. Can you add the camera / video production gear you use to your resources section of the description? Thanks very much for the great content!	2
As if the designers of the universe overlooked the possibility that a species would evolve enough to work out some of it. No wonder it makes no sense at a quantum level. When they realise what we're up to, we'll know they know. Imagine that was actually true :D	0
Showed this clip to a reading class I'm teaching here in the SF Bay Area-9th graders. And one of the ideas that came out of the class is that imagination and empathy-two of the main skills strengthened by reading-can be antidotes to cynicism and indifference, two of the really toxic aspects of the culture young people have to deal with.	0
"OPSOPy
z
_"	1
"Despite the dip in crypto, I still thank you for the level-headed financial advice. I started forex and crypto investment with $4,345 and since following you for few weeks now, Ive gotten $18,539 in my portfolio.
Thanks so much  Mrs. Marie Georgiana"	2
That boy and girl just at the end of the report they're so happy in spite of the invasion of their country. Those two are great ??????	2
"*""Y'know how many actors it takes to screw in a lightbulb? One. He holds onto the lightbulb, and the world revolves around him.""*
- Danny DeVito, national treasure."	1
This looks insanely good, and the battle system with all its complexities makes me go tingly all over. I spend so many hours learning all the different blades and how to utilize them in battle in Xeno 2, cant wait to get my hands on this new system, it looks super interesting.	2
I just started and I am a freshman, it makes me feel a lot better to know that someone else didn't have their resume ready. I started HTML, CSS, and JS on my own and am doing to website/resume thing now so I can practice web development all through out college along with other stuff that I learn so I can put all of my projects on there kind of like a show case.	2
Its so important to just listen to some chill music and get away from any stress that you are dealing with. Life is too short to always be on the go and and worrying. Take some time to yourself	2
That makes sense that they are going into the holiday season that they want to maximize any sales for that.  So that is really only going to be like 3 months only.	1
Thank you for your videos mate.<The BTC shows us that when he wakes up he knows how to do it and destroy all the bears!! Never go against the trends on cryptos, even less put levers, it is about the immediate sanction as soon as you turn your back, now anyone who has been in the crypto space for the last 6 or more years certainly knows about the cycle structure, every 4 yearsBTC goes through a halving even where the amount of Bitcoin that is mined is cut half. Well, the block reward is cut in half. this cause huge price spikes every 4 yrs because it create a supply and demand crisis that can't be priced in until it's a reality. >but all thanks to *WTRADE INSPECTS* who taught me how to make trade and increased my Crypto from 2.5 to 10BTC now. No one really knows what is going to happen in the market and I know you are only saying what you think will happen based on the past. It is yours and my opinion so people should make their own Investment choices based on their own research. ......	1
I've learned so much from these videos. I wasn't a bad cook before, but learning a few tricks in slicing things more effectively has made me actually enjoy cooking.	2
hope this turns out good ????	2
You attack the issue, not the man. What a wonderful lady and a great quote.	2
Incredible vid. We all possess the inherent right of self-defense. The bees revenge on the hornet was masterful.	2
It annoys me that people try to cancel this man. Hes been doing stuff that even some governments dont bother to do.	0
Thank Phil for putting Sonic Tails and a Chao in the mod.	2
I watched your python tutorial, the 6 and a half hour one, and made quite a few python projects. I really appreciate the effort you put into these videos, really helpful.	2
Man your like the best you make kids so happy when there sad	2
From monopoly man to squid game hoster, fucking legend	1
"I love it how Chandler is that unlucky with every challenge. Lmao .

Best Channel Ever."	2
I listen to this after a stressful day of work and I feel so much better. Sometimes we be so caught up in work that we forget our mental health and just taking a break is good for us. I hope everyone has a great rest of the week ??.	2
I wish my family could talk like this over family dinner. Discussing MCU theories. Would be a dream come true. ??	2
Something funny I just noticed. Aside from looking sort of alike both Brian Cox and Shigeru Miyamoto seem to almost be incapable of speaking without smiling. Being experts in completely different fields both just seem so curious and enjoying what they do. What a joy to listen to these guys and just have them around.	2
Politik und ihre Trolle -.-	1
Dude the rock was good in this movie I aint even see him ??????	2
Its so kind of him! He does what he enjoys but he also give them away! Thank you Zach !	2
No one has ever been more from Toronto than the person who made this video.	1
2020, still ?? this song	2
I love the direction this channel is going. Most tech channels, even the best trusted ones are going to review products based on their own experience or at most some things they can measure with their pc, but you're really going to mathematically demonstrate if a product is a quality one and why it is, love it	2
J-creew  and Nyke and lulu-lemon and Abercrombi? Stocks	1
Awesome video! I could never solve those at all! How do ppl do that? Great job!??	2
Sir If you can make it as a pdf format it will useful for the students for their reference	2
This was my Florida vacation jam!	2
OMG ?? WOW~~~~~	2
I have been literally playing The Business on repeat the entire day. Cant get enough of this banger song!	2
I am excited! Im anxious to see what Apple officials have to say in September. Honestly, I really like the Apple Watch SE model. I really dont see any use for all of those fancy sensors that Apple talks about. Im not sure how reliable they are. Next time I go to my primary care physician, I will definitely ask her what she thinks of the Apple Watch. Im not sure if shes even noticed it when I have gone to her before.	2
Rodrigo, iphone 12 vai abaixar muito ainda ou da pra pegar por agora?	1
"23:23 La relajacin es importante,  18KISSX.Uno
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer

15:55 Setacy: 
  ''Hyper''
11:12 Sun:
 ''Hotter''
11:12 Hopi: 
  ''Sweeter''
00:18   Joonie: 
 ''Cooler''
18:00 Yoongi:   
 ''Butter''
15:55  Amoy:
 ''Monks''

23:23  Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente ??
Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal"	1
Magnus Carlsen is THE GOAT! Congrats to Pragg...i'm sure he will be the new world champion	2
"Rani Laxmi Bai was a queen who faught Brits after her husband died. Watch Kangana's movie  ""MANIKARNIKA"" it has the glimpses of Rani Laxmi Bai's life."	1
"I find too difficult,but i learned more from this video 
Thank you"	2
This laptop has the 4-core/8-thread i5 11300H, not the 6-core/12-thread 11400H - big difference, and you need to update your video description accordingly. Also, when you took it out of the box, the battery was not dead. Lenovo laptops will not power on for the first time unless the charger is plugged in.	1
Praggananda is great	2
You are one of the best youtubers ever man, thank you so much for your information.	2
ARE YOU READY FOR THE SEPTEMBER EVENT ?	1
"Person: *does literally anything*

Cinema Summary: That was their biggest mistake"	0
1:56 I had to go to the hospital after seeing that one??	0
"Favorite reveal was gameplay of Lies of P coming to gamepass day 1????????

Yes looks and feels like it's gonna be awesome.

Definitely playing it, but yea 2023 is stacked."	2
Vijay sir is gem ?? and true legend ?? Bollywood can't match it even hritik can't	2
Just the perfect amount of details. The depth and breadth of these videos are fantastic, thank you for putting all this effort into them!	2
Thank you so much for your videos. Had an interview today at 1pm and got the job an hour ago. I binged watched like 5 of your videos prior to the interview. Before describing myself in 3 words, I said thank you for this opportunity ?? and the interviewer smiled. I was like yes! aha ??	2
"*has one of the most incredible plays in golf ever*

Commentators: wow nice."	2
It really is scarier than the real test. Why? Because I have to score my test and my parents can see them instantly instead of a big break to emotionally fortify yourself for the scores.	0
Einstein would be impressed!	2
"Imagine this:
You wake up in a room that you've never seen before. The bed you're lying in is very comfortable. You sink right into it. You don't want to leave, but you want to know where you are. You sit up, and looking around the room, you see that it looks like you're in a very cozy, but very old room. This room has seen many, many things, it seems. There's a mirror to use, in case the person staying in the room would like to fix themselves up to look nice. There is a closet full of clothes, however you see that there is already an outfit laid out for you. If you prefer the feminine choice, it is a beautiful seafoam green dress, with a black and white striped bow and reaches just below your knees, grouped with black mary janes and long, white socks. The masculine option is a suit that consists of the same colors in the most similar areas, with black dress shoes. You put on the outfit of choice and you leave the room. You go down the stairs of the house to find two people. They look like blonde twins. One is a boy, the other is a girl. They are sipping their tea when one of them notices you. 
""Oh! You're awake!"" The boy cries. ""So they are!"" The girl replies. They introduce themselves as Aaron and Anastasia. Aaron tells you that, since you've been asleep all morning, it would be good for you to go outside with them. You reluctantly agree, but all of your worries fly out the door when you step outside. You see a field that looks like it was masterfully painted a nice mix pastel colors by the gods themselves. There are mountains in the distance, and you can also see a nice pond. In the sky, you can see the moons, and even a planet or two. You can even faintly see the stars. There are trees by the pond and one of them has a pair of swings. The three of you walk up to that tree, and you spend the rest of the day playing there, the twins took turns pushing you on the swing. Eventually, night came, and you went back to the house for dinner. Anastasia made the most delicious bread and pasta you'd ever had, and Aaron did the dishes, insisting that you relax as their guest. After a little while, you retired to your bedroom, changed into the clothes given to you, and succumbed to a calm, dreamers sleep, wondering what the next day had in store for you..."	2
"Follow us on instagram :D https://www.instagram.com/auraepics/
and subscribe for more music, it's free! <3"	2
Peribahasa orang tamak selalu rugi tu benar. Apa lagi yang tak cukup dengan Jawatan dan Gaji yang besar sebagai Perdana Menteri? Apa yang kurang dalam kehidupan seorang Perdana Menteri? Lebih menyedihkan, seorang muslim, beragama Islam, seorang pemimpin yg sepatutnya jadi teladan tapi berkelakuan sebaliknya. Semalam, beliau buat sumpah laknat, hari ni beliau ke penjara. Sedangkan semua bukti telah ditunjukkan di mahkamah bahawa ternyata beliau melakukan kesalahan, beliau masih berani bersumpah dengan nama Allah. Begitu mudah ucap dan permainkan nama Allah serta agamanya. Cukup ada seorang penyangak Najib di Malaysia ni, jangan kita benarkan dan lahirkan lebih ramai penyangak seperti Najib di masa akan datang. Jangan jadikan Malaysia kotor dan jijik di pndangan negara dunia lain.	1
You are the reason why I started programming. I'll never forget the things you've done to help me.	2
There was also another problem with the fit-bit, when some of the straps would irritate your skin and leave a rash and still the company hasn't dealt with it yet.	0
I ended up loving this trailer more than the movie ??	2
Arcane could definitely host an After Dark show	2
Vi?c Allay th?ng hnh nh? l do t?t c? ??u ngh? n c th? Dup v?t ph?m ch? kh?ng ph?i do n nhn cute	1
Academically speaking, should AI not be a subset of DL? I think youve done a commercial magic trick here.	1
One like is not enough for the work that has gone into making one such video. This video should be part of the curriculum and he should get the royalty for this. Awesome work!	2
welcome to garrys mod! where all the kids are admin and brain dead to understand the basic rule of being an admin and ruin the game for others	0
"*""An honest but mistaken man, once shown the truth, either ceases to be mistaken or ceases to be honest.""*
""A people that elect corrupt politicians, imposters, thieves and traitors are not victims, but accomplices."" - George Orwell"	0
I was looking forward to the new base iPad but a new design with a home button feels like a really odd decision considering itll be sticking around for many years to come. Might look for a 2018 pro or 2020 air instead now.	1
0:50 7:53 8:03 I love how Garett perfectly represents that one kid who wont shut up about something that they think makes them cool	2
"A lot of these so-called ""journalists"" should take notes on how to report the news truthfully from legendary journalists like Sam Donaldson. He knows how to do news."	1
I had to comment under this video. I have my BS in math and when I tell you the way you taught these concepts were absolutely amazing. You did a great job in not only explaining the concepts but setting it up to where one can intuit all the components and and concepts that goes into the applications of it all. Thanks so much, I feel like I can really help my students with their digestion of these concepts and rationalization of it! Thanks you so much for taking the time to teach these concepts!	2
*Starting early is the best way of getting ahead to build wealth, investing remains a priority. The stock market has plenty of opportunities to earn a decent payouts, with the right skills and proper understanding of how the market works.*	2
imagine inviting Matt to dinner and he puts on the timer	1
I just graduated high school and was stuck between choosing CE and CS THANK YOU for the perfect timing. You should compare these 2 with electrical engineering	2
My husband looked at me in horror near the beginning of the video when I remarked I had not read any Plato. He then insisted I must read Plato's Apology as a good start. Klavan then recommended Plato's Apology... Guess I'm reading Plato's Apology.	1
This channel brings happy tears to my eyes.  Keep up the fantastic work!!!	2
i love you guys's videos keep up the awesome work	2
"Subscribe and I might give you custom switches, phones, ipads, cars, or even a house!
Like this video if you enjoyed it! I will be bringing on more subscribers to compete in challenges and win free custom items!
We also helped a lot of people with medical bills because this is a video where we wanted to do a lot of nice stuff for children's hospitals and people struggling to pay medical bills. Thank you for all the support! Love you all!"	2
I love the work you do and these show make me imagine what we dont know could be true!	2
   ??	2
Steve is guru of sales and marketing	1
Yikes, going to the core.	0
"Sam Donaldson is a legend! Yeah, I'm a political nerd and I ""grew up"" watching Mr. Donaldson. He got me interested in politics and government. I just love these ""old school"" gentlemen and their approach to journalism! I hope to hear more from Mr. Donaldson in the future!"	2
This by far the best song on the album	2
This was fun and the food looks great as usual. Good to see Rhonda again. Yall should do a cook off and send the food to me as a judge lol. I love enchiladas!	2
Finally, a game that truly gets me on a spiritual level.	2
Hi, is it possible to go to Australia directly through visa sponsorship in Data Science and Product Management domains ? Though I am going to apply through normal 189 subclass visa as well but it takes time.	1
Thanks a lot sir. I'm struggling in making a decision upon data science, AI and cybersecurity. I'm currently in network engineering field. I initially thought of doing a masters in cybersecurity or data science. As I felt that AI would conquer the cybersecurity and data  in future, I'm searching for an explaination. You explained very well sir. Could you please tell whether there would be opportunities for those who have switched the carrier to AI field? Much merits to you sir from Sri Lanka ????	2
Your videos are sooo good. They make me feel like a badass and they are great for studying. Thank you so much for putting in the time to make these ????	2
Chris and Jimmy just fit perfectly together	2
finally!!! I already missed you so the next one is as soon as possible ????Jungkook and Jimin are the ones who get hurt the most they always give more than they expect and often get hard on themselves and often exhaustion and fainting. just for everyone to see the best of them in every performance it hurts armys to see him this way	0
Man, this turned from Trolling Feminists to Trolling Discord Mods and Im all for it	2
Stream ma mayur ji gali diya ha bhai	1
These games look like a lot of fun this time. Can't wait to try them out when I get enough money!	2
You know why this playlist and the 80's music is so good? Because these songs bring some kind of dancing vibe, the body feel it, therefore lifting up the mood.	2
Watching Neil keeps my mind open to possibilities	2
"YAY ZACK SO UNEXPECTED



















































































































Edit: thanks for so many likes :)
??"	2
Allegedly founded by Ryan Cohen?	1
I feel like most people watching this video have 0 idea how unbelievable it is that they were allowed to even be at Augusta before the masters let alone play all sports golf there	0
 Pakistan is a wonderful country and Pakistanis are great people. Love from Azerbaijan to our brothers ?	2
With or without makeup, you looks absolutely stunning, Christen!	2
Such a relax Asian Lofi playlist. This channel always has the best Asian chill vibe!????????????	2
I love you Danya, but every time you say ___, girl I cringe please stop ??	1
"Watching Eric destroy his opponents while dancing is one of the best things I have ever seen in chess!!!
You will not play alone in the final, the boys are with you!!!
Lets goooooo!!!!!"	2
?????? ????? ?????????????????????? ?? ???? ??? ???? ??? ???? ??????????? ??? ??? ?????????????????	1
Best directors of india????????	2
this look is STUNNING CAT. ur dress, ur hair, ur makeup, its perfect. its giving elegant fairy i LUV IT	2
Am a Boomer and have smoked weed for over 40 years.  Some people my age aren't always truthful about whether they smoke or not.	0
I don't have a computer but it seems very helpful so I hope soon to get one ?? ???? I like how it teaches you about it so fascinating	2
Olha a cara do Cadu no final kkkkkkk  o feu ta nem a pra ele kkkkkk	1
Love Susskind and his no nonsense outlook on the world ??	2
Congratulations bro 200k subcribers	2
"Brace yourselves, March 10th is approaching.
Hopefully, everyone gets or surpasses the target score they had in mind!"	2
So are you saying QT, high inflation, possible severe recession, increasing rates.. wont affect BTC price?	1
My biggest hope for splatoon three is to get it and have fun playing through the waves of content as they tend to be fun and hype as they come out, that being said for outsiders of the community Im disappointed and really wish that it gives enough to entice new fans and not just old ones	1
This would be much better if you added WHERE these items are found, coordinates would be nice or addresses for urban sites. How can I decide what I think it is if I don't know where it is?	1
I love everything you do Jimmy, you always find a way to surprise us	2
Love that you tell us EVERYTHING! Most people dont say the names and numbers on brushes. Your vids are GREAT!!	2
25 hours a day are possible on days where you return from daylight saving time to standard time.	1
"   
  :     "	1
Thank you for this nicely done video!	2
I want more of these videos in my life. So enjoyable to watch sport at its very best.	2
Thank you, Melissa! It's not the chemistry, but the math that is rough.	2
"At this point I think that the whole point of labs was to fill it with more employees so that we never run out of Intel tech upgrades 

I will buy as many screwdrivers as it takes to pay their salaries plz just give me more Intel extreme tech upgrades"	1
Why I Disappeared....: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnCl9LhnfEw	0
A ver si salga un peque?o trailer de la pelcula de Sper Mario Bros, por qu si sale una muestra del videojuego de Sper Mario Bros 3D falta el triler de la pelcula animada.	1
How did you do these things, how did you get this site?	1
Thoroughly enjoyed this video , it was great ??????????	2
The skins just got released and he's the first one who I've seen that have it, Love this content Him and other Fortnite Youtuber's make	2
Great jobs guys keeping him comfortable for 3 hours. I enjoyed this	2
The tingles were insane, especially the ear cupping. I love hearing you speak Dutch. Thank you again so much for making these very relaxing videos, I hope you know how much you are appreciated??????	2
Thanks for the tip jim, going to finally open a long position on BBBY	2
The first game could end up being successful with proper funding and development. I love the idea of the recoil that launches you. Imagine that they added bosses, multiplayer, etc.	2
Great content as always . Teaching a younger generation all about right to fix	2
No van a cerrar las eshops hasta marzo, solo no se podr meter dinero pero si tienes vinculada la eshop de Switch no hay problema	1
I agree. Another thing that would be nice is more integration of computers into the rest of the classes. For example, math classes could teach Excel graphs and formulas.	2
I use to be Mase Sunday school teacher in Atlanta when he first got started he got my home girl number off the membership list and he was dating his Secretary at the time my home girl told me she would be in the tub while talking to him he asked her you want to get to know Mase the Man or Mase the man of god Mase is the biggest hypocrite pastor out there!!! I know from personal experience	0
this should play at graduations	1
"I'm a student Software Developer at vocational school and I've learned more in this video than I've learned at school since September.
Great video!"	2
Seu jeito  t?o nico, eu amo esse sons rpidos ??	2
"Son: perfect score on sat
Indian Dad: Starts with a complaint of him not getting up early.
Understandable??"	1
This stuff never fails to confuse the heck out of me	0
,    ??????  ,   	1
Ledger in the background jumping was so cute to me and I have no clue why!!! Yall fam is so pretty!! ????	2
waiting for the facts is the last thing on their minds.	1
????????????????????	1
The fact that the windows get darker progressively is a sign of how attentive to detail Latte is. Amazing work!	2
""" Only Guilty People take the Fifth, The Mob Takes the Fifth "" ..Donald Trump... AGREED, Donald!"	1
My dream since I was like 12 is to work for Rockstar I hope I get there one day!	2
This is so immature but for some reason its so entertaining. Probably because its so incredibly easy to avoid trolls like this and these people get so mad rather than just handle it.	0
Such a fascinating game and really the only game I have ever gotten so interested in. The ELO system is inspiring because it gives you a goal	2
Thank you very much. You have made incredible presentation that put all necessary details in the logical order that is easy to understand and follow. Thanks once again.	2
"Supply in housing is a metric to look at.  We are nationally 300% below where we need to be.  You may be correct we are in a housing bubble but the supply is severely limited right now.  

Thank you for your content!  ????"	1
Hang in there	1
In Kenya, I experienced the same. The KCSE is the one exam that can make or break your life. I slept for 5 hours a day. Lessons from 5 am to 8 pm. It was stressful. The pressure from parents and society is sometimes too much. I am glad it is all gone	0
This was the most interesting thing I've ever watched. Questions I have myself were asked and Elon responded in a way we can all understand, even though it wouldv'e been dumbed down x10000 in his books hahaha. True legend.	2
I just cant get my head around about how insanely lucky we are to have such amazing people talking to us through the internet. I know this video is a bit older so who cares but that was a thought that constantly went through my head while watching this	2
"I love what Camielle said about french girls finding what suits them, their body, and what they like and dressing according to that. Not following trends but buying staple pieces that will fit your wardrobe and last a long time. I really love that. Fast fashion has ruined our sense of style. Some people only buy a piece because it's ""trendy"" then the trend passes and they forget about that item and throw it out and the cycle continues with the next trend..."	2
Alexander was distantly related to Achilles on the mother's side, with the cousins etc. It was Achilles who was said to be the great grandson of Zeus himself.	1
My last crash (3 yrs ago).  I was on the ground so fast, I had no time to react or prepare for the impact.  But the scar from my collar bone repair looks pretty cool...	2
Instantly classic. Love how Elon is super intelligent but still remains down to earth to have a conversation like this... he genuinely cares about the state of humanity, more than money. GREAT WORK guys!	2
These people spending all this time and money to try to find dirt on Trump is getting old.	0
this guy raised me for 6 years, I stopped watching him when after I hit puberty but I still come back now and then to remember him and see how he is doing. I hope you know how much many people appreciate you and if only you could see and meet everyone that watched your videos in your prime from downloading that ghost tracking app and playing around to the disstrack and all the granny videos. We truly love you.	2
The camera is amazing! And there are so many people who could benefit from it A LOT	2
I like how nobody rushes over to help the woman who falls over lol	1
Which hour should we do next? ??	1
It doesn't matter what language do you speak, Lo-fi connects everyone from any side of the world ?	2
I love how tee just gets right into it love it!!!!????	2
"""I don't care how many cops there."" ""They are not going in to protect us."".....Soooo sad."	0
"1) supervised learning
2) unsupervised learning
3)reinforcement learning"	1
I remember hearing this song and it made me think of someone whose voice reminds me so much of J. Holiday. Besides that the consistent bass drum just makes you feel like your heart is beating along.?	2
15 minutes in and that's enough for me folks. I'm now off to watch Paint Dry. I give this 5 Prozac out of 5	1
"""Me and this little horse have something common. Each time we move, it results in an L.""

Can feel the heat of that burn from here . . ."	1
Can we talk about the fact that he drove to the office to print off a chart and then FedEx it to himself ??	1
"Interviews should be changed to ""get-to-know you"" meets. People will be totally chill if you could talk in person in some cafe or a restaurant. 
Introverts should be given a chance too ??"	2
ABOUT SFS (SAMPLER FEEDBACK STREAMING): The demo starting at the?50 second mark?was configured to run in 4K and each object is a 16k x 16k BC7 texture. Ordinarily, this would take up 350MB of GPU memory for each individual object. The demo features 985 such objects, which would take up nearly 300 GB (yes, that's GB, not MB) of?GPU?memory. However, as can be seen in the video, allocated VRAM usage is just over 3 GB, and dedicated VRAM usage is just over 2 GB! SFS allows for visuals that simply would not otherwise be possible due to memory constraints.	1
Wow, he just covered a semesters worth of material in just three hour??	2
Good seeing you back, and that's a nice tribute. It's good to see humanity isn't a forgotten concept.	2
I've twice seen UFOs. Both times with my mum & bro. First time in Melbourne Australia in 1965 was on way to school we & many others saw heaps, perhaps 15 or 20 bright tiny star looking UFOs weaving in out from each other. 2nd 1970 in Adelaide Oz all 3 of us caught thru our loungeroom window at dusk a very bright spinning light which burst into a bigger light before vanishing.	1
Shane your video got me to major in computer science last year. Now I have a great internship! Thank you!	2
Hi Drew!  Loved how you styled the bed!!  Picked up a lot of tips I'm going to try.  I would love to see you style a buffet.  That's an area where I have a little trouble.  Would love any tips you could give.  Thanks!  Have an awesome day!	2
The image of the airplane grave yard doesn't make me sad, I actually find it to be quite the incredible image. All I can think about is all the people and places these planes have seen, and how despite having all flown their own ways, they all find there own resting place here. It's an image containing millions of stories.	2
"Ive been been watching all of your videos while stressing about midterms! Currently still in my undergrad and Im looking for a bit of advice. Currently Im planning on majoring in computer science with a minor in statistics. Would a data Analytics, or information systems degree from the business school be better? Or should I stick with the more technical with CS with the stats minor? 

Looking at data science jobs, nearly all of them I see require a masters degree or PHD, which I definitely dont have the money for. I see plenty of data analyst and data engineer jobs that are open to the bachelor degree level candidates. Is making a transition from one of those two rolls into data science relativity easy?"	1
Ang sarap ng soup sis ????????	2
i hope theyll release one with thinner or transparent frames since thick and darker colored ones wont suit me! the idea of not having to prescribe new glasses every year sold me out. looking forward to it!	2
I always love when sonic is more serious instead of cracking jokes hopefully he takes things seriously in this game.	2
The best times historically to buy Bitcoin have been when most people were scared to do it! Guess that is happening now?	1
You have  teached me to solve the rubix cube thanks	2
I love how the newer music artists are paying homage to the old school beats?? It gives it a different feel but Latto ??????she doing her ish	2
"Hello Dona
Your food always looks delicious ??"	2
Who's here after Chadwick Boseman died? R.I.P.	1
"This is one of the best suits in Spider-Man history, and it's a welcome surprise seeing it in Spider-Man: No Way Home when Andrew Garfield was wearing it in the movie. If this suit ever makes it in Spider-Man Remastered officially, it'll be just AMAZING.

Seriously, no pun intended. ??"	2
She finally done with homework.	1
Problems sempre Alegrando nossos Dias :)	2
You missed a feature on the airbolt. Instead of using the big part of the loop to lock your zippers, lock the zippers on the loop where the 2 notches are. That way you can't open the bag 3 inches.	0
I'm in love with this song. It makes me feel good about myself despite what people say about me.	2
Finalmente e uscito questo video ti adoro sbri!	1
This video brought me back to my last IELTS speaking test. I didn't do as well as I was expected. Wish I had seen this video earlier back then. Thank you Rachel, I really enjoy learning through your videos.	2
Ssundee we love your videos  me and my brother love watching you you take among us to a new level of fun we love them keep up the good work!	2
This movie will be epic, definitely break every Marvel record when it drops. Love the cast, soundtrack, outfits, makeup, etc. Wakanda 4eva ! RiP Chadwick ????	2
"Its always awesome when someone calls you sexist for not liking she hulk. The cgi looks terrible, the marvel humor is painfully unfunny, and Im getting lectured because of my genitalia but yes, Im not watching it simply because it has women in it. 

You hit the nail on the head when it comes to representation. Nobody cares about the characters identity, people only get annoyed when the actors, directors, and studios start sucking themselves off and act like theyre MLKJs successor. Its also annoying cuz they flat out refuse to market minority actors in certain countries then turn around and call you an ist for criticizing their product. 

Same thing with their messages. Sure there are some good messages like choosing love and dont be racist, but they do a terrible job of conveying them. Also I dont think a corporation thats constantly getting accused of discriminating against race, religion, gender, ethnicity, panders to intolerant international consumers, has celebrities attack others for disagreeing with them, does business with oppressive governments, and films at concentrate camps can talk to people about love and tolerance."	0
Theres a part of me that was getting the vibe of old CND vlogs at the beginning there. Just seeing the store again brought me back to good times!! :)	2
"to be honest, unless you have a TV that can do 4k 120hz there's no point thinking about the future ""Pro"" versions. 4k 60hz doesn't push the Series X so no point upgrading if you don't have a top of the line TV."	1
Fantastic content! Taka has such a warm and inviting personality and his passion really shines through. Oh, and did I mention he's a frigging master at his craft? More Taka please.	2
Whats most impressive is how the editors managed to extend a 3 minute song into 11 mins without sounding boring	2
"?? Get the complete course (zero to hero): https://bit.ly/3ahY7wv
?? Subscribe for more TypeScript tutorials like this: https://goo.gl/6PYaGF"	1
I remembered having to learn about this when I was in high school Biology so I came back to see if it would come back to me at age 37. Nope, I ended up rocking back and forth in the corner of my office in the feeble position. Then I snapped out of it... I now embrace this truth - plants turn water, sunlight, and CO2 into food using magic	2
I like how serious you are when teaching us.	2
Congrats Jimmy, you deserve it	2
I rather him face off against Mephisto, then Mourlen again. Or how about a Mourlen powered up by Mephisto ? Anything to end the OMD plague on Spider-Man.	1
"The way that ""Hulk"" is in its own font and color in the captions reminds me of how in the comics when superheroes (and villains) say their own name, the name is usually in its own color and font, just like this."	1
I couldnt wait to come back here and say this but I LANDED THE JOB! Your tips in this video along with all the content you post helps so many of us jobseekers! Thank you for all you do, and for anyone on the job search, dont give up, believe in yourself and trust Gods timing in every circumstance! ??	2
I think it's an Ultron face not an Iron Man mask. He did co-create Ultron so it would make sense.	1
Outstanding lecture. Interesting and fun. Thank you.	2
Thank you for your videos mate.<The BTC shows us that when he wakes up he knows how to do it and destroy all the bears!! Never go against the trends on cryptos, even less put levers, it is about the immediate sanction as soon as you turn your back, now anyone who has been in the crypto space for the last 6 or more years certainly knows about the cycle structure, every 4 yearsBTC goes through a halving even where the amount of Bitcoin that is mined is cut half. Well, the block reward is cut in half. this cause huge price spikes every 4 yrs because it create a supply and demand crisis that can't be priced in until it's a reality. >but all thanks to *WTRADE INSPECTS* who taught me how to make trade and increased my Crypto from 2.5 to 10BTC now. No one really knows what is going to happen in the market and I know you are only saying what you think will happen based on the past. It is yours and my opinion so people should make their own Investment choices based on their own research. ......	1
Its buyer behavior. It goes beyond buying up multiple sizes to see what fits. Ive sold on eBay for years with no issue. Same individual item again and again. One year I sold on Amazon and I was blown away by the types of buyers I had. Many requested a cancellation of purchase, which I gladly did. I dont want to have to pay for return shipping due to a mistake the buyer made. Many also requested a return claiming the item was defective, but when I paid for the item to be shipped back to me due to Amazons return policies, the item would be returned in perfect working condition. I dont know if people are buying suggested items without thinking, or assuming theyll get something free if they complain, but I cant imagine the horror if I had to trash every single return I got. Sometimes, after paying for the return shipping label, the buyer would never ship. All they had to do was print off the label and schedule a pickup, but the act of deciding to keep it without any further communication beyond return approval makes me believe they were after a freebie.	1
"*16:47*
*I'm honestly impressed by the time and effort you put into these videos, Keep it up!*
??"	2
"Youre smarter than me

Kid: yeah"	1
The last one wasn't great. It's a foul in footballing terms and always results in a yellow card. Other players have done the same and been booked for it too... As did Henry in that last clip	0
??Bernie for president 2024 ????????	2
Bayonetta deserves even more shine. She may not be trending but this third installment will not disappoint!	2
Dude I dont know if you know but this tutorial is one of THE CLEANEST CONCISE on youtube. The way you get to the point and explain well in brief manner makes learning C++ seem intuitive. I know this is just the surface but it is presented in a way that makes it feel breezy and effortless	2
but seriously guys believe me this movie is gonna be a super hit this year no comparision.	2
Flashback when coby said arent baseballs supposed to go farther than tennis balls!??	1
Ayee this vid was AMAZING! Dont worry about the noises in the back, in a way it adds a bit of trigger plus i bet we were all concentrated on the mouth sounds??- From 1#	2
But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin. -Aldous Huxley, Brave New World	1
This song fuels my soul, Tiesto always crushes it!	2
I bought my first piece of land this year, and I cried. This is why. I grew up not realizing I would be able to even own a house. Im grateful I can push my family a little further economically then my parents did, and that is the gift/ message I want to leave behind to my kids.	2
Bravo pour les 100 millions dabonns sur la cha?ne amricaine ????	2
Whenever I think about moving back to the US (Florida being my home state), and I see these videos, its just a gut punch.  How deluded can a society become?!	0
Idk if this was intentional but I really like how he said practice makes better rather than practice makes perfect	2
Needless to say, this channel never dissapoints.	1
A scientist who works in data science has been a godsend. Finding a job has been difficult in the wake of my graduation and several unsuccessful job applications. After weighing my options, I chose to leave physics and hunt for a position in data science. Before seeing your videos, I was baffled as to why I continued being turned down for jobs despite having two master's degrees, one in physics and the other in applied physics. Now that I've seen some of your vids, I understand why. Glad I found your channel on YouTube:)	2
Dead Island definitive edition AVEC le live gold sinon pas promos.... ?a serait sympa de le prciser... Sinon il y a des promos vraiment meilleures sur Xbox et SANS Xbox live... C'est comme dire jeux gratuits sur consoles sans mentionner qu'il faut le  PS plus ou le gamepass... Pour ?a je met un pouce vers le bas mais personne ne le verra ??	1
Jest niesamowita, zas?uguje na wszystko co najlepsze. Brawo!!!!!!!! ????	2
My heart was pounding just watching this. Thank God ya'll are okay. Quality content, love it. :D	2
"I discovered Lofi, by accident, one day last summer. It was in a restaurant on the island of Hailuoto. Finland ???? 
Couldn't believe it took me so many years to find music that soothed away all the problems I've been troubled by for more years than I care to remember.
So this is for those I dearly miss and have always missed."	2
On the first one it works because when your hand is closer to one side, the friction slows it down on each side until when your fingers meet and the object is balanced. This should work as long as each hand is moving at relatively the same speed, the same force, and there isn't any other significant variables.	2
"Physics saying he s rich
Him wearing deafult:yeah am rich af"	1
Your words are the only thing that helps me get through things, its so calming and reassuring. Thank u so much for always motivating me with your positive words???? also the dog is so cute ??	2
"Time Stamps

00:00 Sweet Dreams - Eurythmics
3:37 Rasputin - Boney  M
6:44 Let's groove - Earth, Wind & Fire
12:23 Billie Jean - Michel Jackson
17:16 Africa - Toto
22:11 Beat it - Michael Jackson
26:30 Don't stop believin - Journey
30:39
33:50 Brother Louie - Modern Talking
37:31Cheri Cheri Lady - Modern Talking"	1
I absolutely love Professor Brian Cox, after watching his TedTalk about a year ago I watched as many videos of him as I could and he has incredibly increased my interest in physics and astronomy! Thank you for the great video!	2
I am officially on a quest to watch all your videos! You are GREAT!! Btw what would you recommend for someone pivoting into the field with no experience?	2
That freethrow alone tells you Green can be upgraded.  Unless he starts shooting the three at a 50+ percentage, contested and 80 to 90 percent wideopen...  UPGRADE HIM WARRIORS!	1
"Personally I think you hit one key point: the importance of domain experts.  With the so-called automation or new technology/ tools we'll likely see a shift to empower the domain experts and focus more on the business needs.  Just because someones knows SQL or do coding doesn't mean he/she can do data science or machine learning -- or more importantly, to put out anything meaningful or even useful.  Just like years ago people needed to rely heavily on someone who can do graphic design really well or who can use a handful of high-skill tools (say photoshop) really well to even modify a picture or video.  These days even kids can snap a picture or video and publish to Instagram or Tiktok.  Did the modern photo editing tools make graphic designer extinct? No.  But it does mean that you need to be REALLY GOOD to be able to survive as a graphic designer.  I see the same future for data science field too.  Maybe not tomorrow, but the trend is coming for sure.  If you pay attention to some of the podcasts like ""me myself and ai"", most the guests (chief data scientists or boss of DS departments) aren't really of these backgrounds but more business driven."	1
I wish I had seen this years ago!  Trying to visualize particle physics in my head has always been my stumbling block and this video just made it a whole lot easier.	2
"A.I. Music? Is this ""music"" for people that hate music?"	0
I like how the scientists were the ones who doesnt believe in antidotes. Thats like air plane pilots being flat earthers	1
wow I had no idea he sang this song! His voice is amazing	2
Hey Daniel, just discovered your channel a couple days ago and I'm learning lots. Thank you!	2
I totally agree on internships! I am a graduating senior in Computer Engineering, and I have done 4 internships. Internships really showed me what working was really like, and helped me find where I want to work. Despite being in the depressed COVID economy, I already have a job offer lined up for when I graduate in December!	2
"Tree bye-bye!
Aphmau: maybe these powers are dangerous.
Me: laughs."	1
"Your reaction to the release at the end with your family was so fucking wholesome. 
Congrats! You are living the game dev dream"	2
I would like to thank all the YouTube teachers for explaining the topics crystal and clear.	2
so much practice and talent	2
Documents like this are why Microsoft have the best lawyers in the world. They go through it with a fine tooth comb and theyre like yep. Send it.	2
"Chris's Friend: What Is Ur work?
Chris: *I Am A Virtual Prostitute*"	1
"6:50
little did he know there was lots of those keyboards on amazon that
he could of got insted of doing that lol"	1
His teammate's voice is like rocky's voice ????????	1
The thief is so smart in this game, it was almost like Cinema Summary was guiding him throughout this entire death game	2
My 10yo daughter loves axolotls. I dont know why Im being particularly emotional from this video, but it has really made me cry. Im going to look and see what digital adoptions there are for axolotls. My daughter has a birthday coming up and a good gift would be a sponsorship in her name. Shes just a bit too young to keep one herself; maybe in high school if shes still into it.	2
I love love LOVE that the search inquiries tell little separate stories as they progress. Like the guy finding out dead ppl don't pay taxes, faking his death, and the cops trying to determine if it's a mannequin or a real guy.	2
After that moment when he started talking shit into the camera he fell apart lol. Classic overconfidence right there.	0
"0:48 Deep Learning Basics Summary
5:00 Visualization of 3% of the neurons and 0.001% of the synapses in the brain
6:26 History of Deep Learning Ideas and Milestones
9:13 History of DL Tools
11:36 TensorFlow in One Slide
13:32 Deep Learning is Representation Learning
16:05 Why Deep Learning? Scalable Machine Learning
17:10  Gartner Hype Cycle
18:18 Why Not Deep Learning?
21:59 Challenges of Deep Learning
29:20 Deep Learning from Human and Machine
30:00 Data Augmentation
31:36 Deep Learning: Training and Testing 
32:10 How Neural Network Learn: Backpropagation
32:28 Regression vs Classification
32:54 Multi Class vs. Multi Label
33:13 What can we do with Deep Learning?
33:45 Neuron: Biological Inspiration for computation
34:14 Biological and Artificial Neural Networks + Biological Inspiration for Computation
35:55 Neuron: Forward Pass
36:40 
Combining Neurons in Hidden Layers: The ""Emergent"" Power to Approximate
37:37 Neural Networks are Parallelism
38:00 Compute Hardware
38:27 Activation Functions
39:00 Backpropogation
40:07 Learning is an Optimization Problem
41:34 Overfitting and Regularization
42:58 Regularization: Early Stoppage
44:04 Normalization
44:32 Convolutional Neural Networks: Image Classification
47:52 Object Detection/ Localization
50:03 Semantic Segmentation
51:27 Transfer Learning
52:27 Autoencoders 
55:05 Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)
57:03 Word Embeddings (Word2Vec)
58:58 Recurrent Neural Networks
59:49 Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) Networks: Pick what to forget and what to remember
1:00:15 Bidirectional RNN
1:00:50 Encoder Decoder Architechture
1:01:38 Attention
1:02:10 AutoML and Neural Architecture Search (NASNet)
1:04:40 Deep Reinforcement Learning
1:06:00: Toward Artificial General Intelligence"	1
??	1
"Wonderful video!  I first got into <BTC back in 2016 and have been hodling/buying sats at different price points since.  I've been through corrections before and will likely experience more over the future.  Volatility is simply the price one needs to pay if they want to play.  I don't have any Alts as I'm a bit of a BTC Maxi, but that said, if BTC hasn't died before, it surely won't do so now.  Stick in there - yes we are all feeling the pain, but over the long run this will just be a blip.  This is how I see past corrections when I felt that I got in at a high (back then I think it was less than $1000 and bouncing all over the place!).  Now when I look back, all I see is regret for not having the courage in buying more at those times. But if you believe BTC has value, then by all means, buy these dips if you can afford to.  For those who got in at 60 or 70K and feeling the crunch:  hang in there.  BTC is not a get rich quick scheme.  Wait it out and you will see:  you will come away stronger.  I buy and just trade long term more than ever, I have made over 9.5  BTC with 2.4btc in just 5weeks from day trading with Expert MR Jack Muller Crypto in few weeks this is one of the best medium to backup your assets incase   it goes bearish. Technical analysis is my second language <You can reach MR Jack Muller on   ?eI???m??JACKMULLER   
Cheers thank me later"	1
So my University currently has both Software Engineering and Computer Science. Both majors are pretty much the same thing and the only difference is about 3 or 4 classes. For example, for the Data Structures and Algorithms course, there is CIS 350 (theory based) and CIS 3501 (SE side of the class) also the core requirements has SE majors take SE 2 after SE 1 while CS majors only take SE 1. So its really the same degree, same requirements, only difference is a couple of classes (that are very similar).	1
"the bird was like ""yeah the view isn't as great but flying down here is so much easier and relaxing"""	2
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
Can we just appreciate how much work jimmy and the boys put into their videos to make all the millions of us happy? Keep it up! ??????	2
He is living a disciplined life that's why he is successful.	2
"""And so I abused my internet fame to get someone much smarter than me to build that exact thing I just described""
fantastic line 
??"	0
Each of the facial expressions in the animation...hits me when I actually start understanding what am reading/studying.... have a blessed Day !!!	2
Back in 2014-2015 I designed an Ebola response program for the hospital I worked for. It was aimed at eliminating exposure and keeping panic to a minimum LOL.	1
Love how you have to manipulate and twist words and truths to make yourself presentable enough to hire.  Cuz people don't actually want honest hardworking folk, just people they can manipulate.  Absolutely love it here.	0
I wonder if he has ever bite his fingers while eating so fast	1
What Songbyrd's husband eats kinda looks like bean soup (we call it bableves in hungarian). We just use a different type of bean. It's actually delicious,one of my fav soup	2
Thank you for listening and love it???	2
Love it ?	2
Nice. Definitely a great value.  I still have my old Lenovo 960M 4GB gaming laptop. I never upgraded it from 8gb of ram and that would've been an easy move for more performance. Now it doesn't make sense as I upgraded to an Alienware with a 3080 and 32gb of ram but I still sometimes fire up the Lenovo to see what it can do in 2022.	2
Sou fan dessa rainha linda????????	2
walli really never fails to put a smile on my face, he always makes me feel happy. thanks wallibear keep up the good work ??:D	2
"Four years later, and this is so instructional.
Thank you for the video."	2
"Tom: What are we gonna do for 300 miles?
Somebody: We're gonna put our seatbelts on.
Tom: Oh, that's right
??????????"	1
Hay tuy?t	1
Missing you live but appreciate all your info - you are part of morning coffee on the daily	2
This guy can literally play any instruments... He was awarded for being the youngest tabla player and tht was when he was 4 or something year old	2
Sem dvida que alm de bom, ser um filme muito emocionante, pois como mostraram a imagem do chadwick, n?o s mais um filme, mas uma grande homenagem ser feita nele pra esse ator, que se dedicou em silncio at o ltimo minuto a entregar pra gente n?o s um excelente trabalho, como tambm uma for?a de motiva??o de continuar lutando at o fim independente das circunst?ncias , sempre com um sorriso no rosto e em silncio, apenas dividindo com sua familia. De verdade achei isso muito bacana .??	1
I like that he mentioned the omelette thing. Many years ago I took culinary classes when I considered trying to become a chef, and an instructor I had emphasized the importance of a good omelette for restaurant interviews. Glad to know I wasn't led astray in that	2
I know this trick	1
it's not always that you want an unlimited dataset in machine learning. Sometimes you want to limit your dataset. For example if you're trying to figure out if you're in a stock market recession or expansion you don't want to go over 2 years (+- months) of data because you'll end up in another cycle. Symmetry and Domain limits are important in machine learning. My point is sometimes too much data is a waste of time and resources	0
WOW. USA. 3 of them are rookies. Amazing beating the Jamaican Legends. Prandini is awesome on the curves. All 4 did what they had to do to WIN.	2
I am kind of a non cuber but your videos are still very good keep up the great work ?? ??	2
"""Let's see how fast it can spin""
Him: *HULK SMASHHHH*"	1
Thank you Clement. We need more interviews with ML engineers in your channel.	2
Legend always op	1
Chandler and Chris are honestly my favorites  I hope that motivates you Chandler!!	2
"I hope your next mystery tech will feature an extreme ""off brand"" PC parts like from PSU to Monitor"	2
A friend recommended this video to me to inspire me to work harder on my course in level 3 games design. From level 2 i figured it'd be quite easy but damn i was mistaken. This video has fully inspired me to push more and research more of my course! So thank you for this 1 year journey it was very inspiring and keep it up!	2
y Rusia retando a USA??????	1
Thank you James for finally coming to the bright side and realizing that QT is actually a stimulus.	2
The hour long complicated version with finger puppets is literally what I need.	2
This is a great tutorial that covers all areas of machine learning perfectly! Thanks to Edureka!! Can I please get the datasets and the codes used in the video?	2
"23:23 Hermosa eleccin ?? Topgirls.Uno de los mejores conciertos ?

23:23  Senada: ''Hermoso''
23:23  Megan: ''Hotter''
23:23  Hopi: ''Sweeter''
23:23  Joonie: ''Cooler''
23:23  Yoongi: ''Butter''
23:23  Amor: ''Momentos''
23:23  Alfiora: ''Preety''
23:23  Alana: ''Awesome''

23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente ??."	2
Bitcoin is always scary. That's why we love it!	2
Youre not allowed to counter superior forces theres too many Reich officials here isnt that what the resistance did lmao	0
My question is , if you are in public service for the 10 years, is the 120 qualifying payments still a requirement under this new announcement.	1
"""The past was erased, the erasure was forgotten, the lie became the truth"" ~ Orwell 1984."	1
Thank you for this mix. To anyone reading this, have a great day/night!	2
I tried it and it not changing Im still on 30 points from last month	1
"Hey Linus, a good trick for streaming lights: bounce them off the wall.  Much easier on the eyes, and a nice softer look.
Also, for indoors, I'd recommend a hyper-cardioid mic (looks like a short shotgun) like the Audio-Technica AT4053B."	2
Happy Early Birthday Uncle Ran!	2
Time for real talk with RGT. lol.	1
I needed these! I literally love their hair and how voluminous it is! School starts soon for me, and I literally want mine to look like Paislees its probably my favourite! Shes gorgeous, and so are all the other girls! Love from Canada!  xx	2
"So sad! Why are federal student loan interest rates so high! We need workers with skills in this country. 
My husband died at 66 and his one wish was to pay off our daughters graduate school loan and our daughter in laws undergraduate loan. I did that and now have a new granddaughter. 
We need to lift this burden to help all with this kind of debt."	0
I love the both rooms	2
"SUBSCRIBE OR I'LL KICK YOU


Also, don't forget that starting now, random people that by merch will get a golden ticket in their package. If you get a ticket, lets just say that something fun will happen ;)"	2
"Me: **circles D three times in a row**
Also me: **sweats nervously** Nah bro, they gotta be trickin' me"	1
alex is the most based person you've had on this channel	2
For those who are curious: Not only is it widely accepted that an asteroid wiped out the dinosaurs, but we also know exactly WHERE the asteroid landed: it's called the Chicxulub crater. It's located on the northern coast of the Yucatan Peninsula and has been carbon-dated to have formed in that time period, and it size of the crater certainly looks catastrophic enough.	0
I have never been this energized and excited before writing a lit review...Thank you for such an informative video.	2
Wow everything loved it ??nice	2
Ellie loves Goose a lot. Few times Goose was shown through flashbacks or mentioned, she was emotional.	2
Lubi? twoje filmy????????	2
I'm a physics graduate and watching the experts' discussions made me feel like sh*t. The more you learn, the more you realize how much you actually don't know.	0
I have watch Ssoyoungs videos for the pass 3 years and her channel has blown up so much showing us her fav Korean cuisine fresh seafood, meats and so much more. LOVE from Winnipeg Canada ????	2
Weldone Luv. Awesome presentation. ??????	2
"The whole idea of the ""Interchangeable battery to keep going"" of the Steel Series is exactly the reason why Xbox still uses AA batteries for their controllers :), I think is in an undervalued decision from Xbox :(,"	0
Wow, this whole interview was done in one take with no interruption. Captivating stuff,  thanks Mark.	2
This channel is so high quality and criminally under-watched. Another A+ video	2
"9:45 Gibi: ""I like singing a lot, maybe not for you but you also could try.""
Actually same ??, I also sing a lot when I want to relax/let stress go, most of the times I do it unconsciously, and I've learned a lot of songs perfectly word by word doing it through the years ??, both Italian and English ones ??.

I really appreciate how you talked about stress in this video, everything you said about it, your personal experience with it, how you deal with it/let it go, and especially all the little advices you gave us, stuff like this can be very helpful ??.

I also really enjoyed all the triggers of course ??, the iconic asking for consent about touching the viewer's face at the beginning, the stress pulling with the camera sometimes focusing on your hand and staying on it while it was moving back, which I tought looked really cool, the sound of the scissors snipping, the little sponge, everything, thank you as always Gibi ??."	2
I love these beats, it really helps while working/studying. Also I love the positive vibes in the comments, that's a good sign of how good this music is!	2
This was a great interview with Dan. Excellent topics and went the perfect amount of depth into each topic. I know people don't like him much, but this was a great interview with him.	2
Exotic animals as pets should be illegal. Tigers don't belong in farms, sugar gliders don't belong in apartments. Sad to see that this happens still.	0
"Nicholas is so cute.  ""If I went to prison I wanna go here!""  haha he's so innocent."	2
absolutely loving this video!! the new (or maybe i just havent seen it before) mic sounds amazing especially the ear touching!! AND you look amazing in your nurse outfit ??	2
I saw this movie in seventies as a teenager several times. They were all so larger than life heroes. There can never be another Magnificent Seven.	2
This man is a genius he never runs out of ideas lol	2
Realmente aprecio el esfuerzo del nombre mencionado, recuper mi cuenta perfectamente.	1
"""Accidentally"" is a bit generous considering he knew the dangers and intentionally covered them up"	0
Najlepsza moc smoka	1
This is my first time watching an announcement for upcoming Marvel Movies lmao. These upcoming projects are sick asf, cant wait to watch these. Im most excited about the Avengers movies. Hopefully they are as good as Infinity War and End Game. Gonna miss the original 6 Avengers though??	2
Arun looks so fit now, I'm glad to see him taking care of himself too	2
I love how Ellen just went with it lmao	2
"Thanos- I am the best villain
Christopher-Hold my gift ??
Ratrassan viewer can relate"	1
I wish I had watched this earlier before I watched all other work flow tutorials. This is not only a work flow tutorial but also a fundamental guide/manual of the software and explains what works how. I understand lightroom much much better now and I'm excited to apply all of these to my next photo editing. Thank you so much. Best lightroom basic tutorial ever!	2
"Samaritan looks like the surprise of the bunch.
About time Stallone played the old tired hero, other than reprising an old hero!
I hope him every success."	2
Girl youre rocking more and more every day?? Soooo beautiful??	2
"i used to sing this song all the time when i was little, and never knew what it meant. Then, i listened to it again after i became a teen and i'm like, ""why did my mom let me listen to this?"""	1
Kristen's such a vibe tbh ??	2
Korean: ??? ?? ??? ??? ???? ?? ???!! English: I love how sulgi always shows her making it i love it!!	2
It's a bit unclear about the prognosis on ETH. Are you saying that we have to drop to 1400 levels and only then can it go up to 1900 level before finally coming all the way down to 600? That's what it sounded like to me.	1
This is so underatted! Wish It was more popular! Like if you agree!	2
The most amazing thing about this is how Leon shone on the mic. He's never been regarded as much of a talker, but this might be best post fight interview ever. it's got it all, cold one liners, tear jerking passion, a roaring crowd and bedlam in the stadium. watched this so many times already.	2
Not only the best song on the album, but the best song of the 2022 year of Durkio ??????????	2
I bet apple will be calling you about this video now too. Keep up the good content and don't let these companies bully you into doing what they want! that is why we love you!	2
"""When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing,"" .... Sarah Huckabee Sanders wrote in Nov. 2016"	0
I certainly remember being much better at being creative when I was younger, but now that I'm a freshman in High School, I've noticed that I'm much worse at the whole creativity thing. Now, the problem is, I'm being praised. Why? I am great at finding the one answer. I can take tests very well, but am typically not the best at projects. Math is my best subject, English is my worst, where you typically have to write creative essays. I want to be an engineer, so at my school, we have an elective called pre-engineering. It's one of the closest classes to an actual job that's available at my school. And I'm not the best at it. Sure I can do the math required, but coming up with ideas for better designs is hard.?I feel that this shows that my education is doing the opposite of preparing me for the future. It's telling me that there's one answer, which is never the case in engineering. I hope that soon enough we can have an education overhaul, and realize that we need to change education.	0
Jimmy is such an angel and his blessings are making people cry tears of joy every day I love this man so much. He makes everything seem ok in the world.	2
Happy independence day Ukrainian people..	2
This is so helpful! We've been doing thermodynamics as uni but I tend to sit in letcures with my eyes glazed over because I didn't fully understand the basics when we first learned them, so anything more complicated is too confusing.....	2
Probably what they know is that prices for all cryptos are incredibly low right now and it's a great time to buy.  Instead of being filled with angst and fear, they are showing a little courage and going ahead and stacking up their bags at a time when it makes a lot of sense to do so.  I think people need to stop being so fearful.  Now is the time to BUY.  That should be pretty clear by now. Anyone who's shorting and selling and worrying about whether the bottom is in etc doesn't really know what they're doing.	1
Wow, great narration and ease to understand. Concise statement and help us to apply it. Thank you very much for this short video. God bless. Hopefully I can make it by tomorrow. ????	2
You should do stockfish 15 vs 8 again but have them swap sides after 20 or 30 moves. See if the engine is strong enough to come from behind. Something like that. Be interesting to see how the strong engine plays from behind instead of ahead the whole way	1
Cant thank him enough, my favorite tech guy, so honest and reliable	2
You know how there's Speedruns for a single player beating Minecraft, how interesting would it be to see a Speedrun with multiple players trying to beat Minecraft together	2
"Theres no way to enter a serial number, and search for the owner.
How are we ever supposed to stop gun violence with a stupid law like that?"	0
This made me respect 50 even more. His business acumen is so on point. I love that he's helping schools in Houston. He comes off as the bully of the block, but he's Ultimately giving people jewels and leaves it up to them to make jewelry. This man is constantly learning the business and taking over. Kudos and blessings to him.	2
I GOT THE JOB!!! Thank you so much.	2
The food you eat is always delicious By the way, you will soon reach nine million subscribers, of course, you deserve it??	2
Me encanta tu emocin al comer...eres divertida y linda..se ve que cocinas delicioso ?? ????????????????????	2
"thanks a lot, Mr.Asitang Mishra!
you've convinced me to study DS more"	2
Up until now I was not impressed. But now whoa!!! ???????? This picture is amazing	2
"FYI: also 
Anand started learning chess from age six from his mother, but he learned the intricacies of the game in Manila, where he lived with his parents from 1978 through the 1980s while his father was contracted as a consultant by the Philippine National Railways."	1
that show was actually so good! I wasn't expecting much but I ended up LOVING it!!!! Kamala character is amazing!!! <3	2
i honestly cant wait to play it on my series s!	2
Beds are hard!! In no way am I a professional when it comes to bed styling but I figured Id share my take on a few beds! Which bed was your favorite?	1
Gotta love how chill the dad is	2
"I don't agree with any of this. The only way to get a data science job is to first get a job as a janitor at an esteemed university. Start looking for math problems on chalk boards. Solve them. Become a professor. Solve math. Wait... this is the plot from good will hunting. Nevermind. 

In hindsight, this is really great advice. How about them apples."	2
Any drop in phone calls? Pixel 5 A12 was terrible when it came out for dropped calls.	0
The videos you do always make my day ??????	2
Reminds me of that customer who said the screen works and when you plugged it in in front of them it miraculously seemed to have stopped working during the customers trip to the shop. I remember years ago my friend had an old Nokia dropped off as it was under warranty, he reported it simply stopped working when taken apart it was soaked with water internally, all the markers were bright red. You could even see condensation on the inside of the screen! Yet according to the customer it was never exposed to water and he was trying to scam him out of his warranty customers will be customers. Thankfully many are honest!	1
Selamat mister udah 1 JUTA subscriber semoga mister bisa mecapai 2 JUTA subscriber AMIN!!!	1
Chess is so easy to learn, yet so hard to master	0
"These are some amazing tips and the one about not doing everything from scratch really made me realize how much time I'm wasting.
As for games I worked on a game for most of last year and now that I look back on it I made a lot of mistakes mostly related to planing but I did find out I am much better at programming and designing systems than actually making art plus I learned a lot about the type of games I am mostly good at making"	2
I've never really felt comfortable in knowing what I was doing with the tone curve, but this video totally nails it. Great tutorial! So easy to follow. Thank you!	2
Hope y'all enjoy the video!	2
When I was growing up, we lived next to a farm.  The farmer that lived there had a unique ability to find four leaf clovers. And not just four leaf clovers. He also found five, six and seven leaf clovers! He pressed and framed about ten of them and presented it to my parents once. It was weird.	2
Exciting, terrifying all in one.   Always interested in seeing advances in robotics.	2
This sounds like a perpetrated crime against not just humanity but all life on earth rather than just an 'accident'. A crime perpetrated by corporations, not one man.	0
I agree with Gary at the end. It's tough being a dad when you have no good examples. Living through the same thing, have a 20-year-old and a 9-year-old. And doing the best I can. My father wasn't really there, stepdad was so so but not the best father skills. And really had no other man in my life to get guidance from as a father. We do the best for our kids and that's all we can do.	1
I had my second project planned before releasing the first game, which helped me skip that depressing stage after releasing. There's really no happiness at the end of the road no matter how many sales you make, so gotta enjoy the adventure and hop on the next one right away.	2
I like how Emma doesnt need someone around her. Shes able to enjoy her day without anyone.	2
2022 y est cancin nos gusta todava y nos seguir gustando hasta que estemos en nuestra tumba ????	2
The fear he (and others with him) will suffer every time he gets into a car now.	0
Sir I just want to say Thank you to help us gain this knowledge and encourage us to start our data science journey	2
Also there's no way Hitler wasn't 1 of the 3 anti-christs. His sins are unforgiveable.	0
I thought it was just me with the end of game depression it hits hard	0
Barzo fajny film	1
Weird	0
I love how relatable your comment was that your grades were average for CS one of the reasons why I didnt go the CS route was because I didnt think I had good enough grades to get through it. When I think back at it, I should have done it anyways	2
Connections are powerful. I mean, how does SoupTimmy, a cubing YouTuber, become friends with someone who has 20x his subscriber count???	2
Felt proud watching ??Being a data scientist I can relate what speaker said... Problem solving is the essence..	2
"Another fun facts, Burgerville is the first fast food chain in the US to be unionized, just a couple years back. Also the spicy bean burger is amazing. 
<3"	2
Let's w a moment to appreciate how much effort he puts into his contact to entertain love from Kolkata ????????	2
Taka might just be my favourite chef thats been on this channel (which is impressive since I have many other favourites!) Hes so engaging and I felt so welcome to try out what hes teaching us. Id love more videos with him!	2
My personal opinion: great product. Great design, great features but it doesnt have the wow factor that ekg had. I wish it had another hardware upgrade other than core temperature for me to be convinced to buy it this year. Perhaps if they added, something with mental health, more connectivity with your home, wallet or something, perhaps.	2
I thought it would be a good idea to study while listening to this, now I'm vibing and singing to these songs and not doing any schoolwork. These songs r just too awesome lmao :)	2
Muito bom??????	1
So in short, trees do not bend the laws of physics, trees use the laws of physics cleverly...	1
"Lets all appreciate the effort he makes in his videos just so we dont miss anything and to *keep us happy* 
?? ??"	2
This dude makes it look easy!  Respect!	2
The India exclusive Krushers that were discontinued just a few months back were really delicious. They should bring that stuff back.	2
Liked this video? Make sure to check out the Top 100 Sports Bloopers of the Decade -> https://youtu.be/6LtEO8lYc3k	2
The graphics actually look a lot smoother, more intricate and more polished, as well as the frame rate and overall flow of movement, which is super nice. I wasn't expecting a graphical improvement after the first footage we saw, but now I'm happy.	2
Its also called Dark Secret and, I believe, does NOT have Jason Statham in it either.	1
Lovely director's ??????	2
You literally just made a super hard test seem like a fifth grade spelling test, thank you	2
Kocham twoje filmy ?????????	2
"??? ???? ?? ?? ????, ???? ? ??? ? ? ????~ ??? ?? ???? ??? ????.  
?? ??? ??? ?? ???? ? ?? ? ???."	1
Movie is actually the thinning. Perfect timing for todays events and the jab	2
Me dio risa cuando paso la cola del gato por la cmara ????????????	2
I absolutely love this series!  All of the items were neat but the only one I would actually benefit from would be the chair wheels.  I have a regular office chair that has to roll on carpet and it is kind of a pain.	2
Bravo Subtrist, bravo. I hope you live the best life ever lived my man.	2
"The Nessie one was so helpful! Thank you for zooming in and telling us where it is so we can check it out!! ??
The giant crab was debunked as photoshopped"	2
This man is single handedly about to get me a 1500+ on the SAT	1
i srsly needed something like this that summarizes everything i need to know in one place and helps me get an idea of what i need to focus on. it is also great for a quick revision if u have ur exam soon.	2
"Just finished watching it today and I absolutely loved it ??

I love how they included culture in it, I love the humourous scenes and the story telling of Kamala's ancestors 

Very fun and refreshing to watch can't wait to see her again in future MCU projects"	2
"2:56 
as an IB student, the person who was predicted to get a 44 thats actually insanely impressive, i would say much more so than the gpas. that's a 44/45, which means top marks on every exam but one, plus top marks on other things like essays core to the program"	2
you could sent the link for the ppt which you are showing in video, i want use that as quick reference	1
I fell so bad for Randy, he got violated so hard	0
I love how she whispers it sounds like really cool and I love how she match the Candy!!!	2
I cant tell you enough how excited I get every time you release a new video. Im actually making your infamous stew today .and probably this chicken Piccata recipe tomorrow ??	2
Man, every year that passes I'm feeling more and more vindicated in emulation and archiving.	2
Thank you for explaining what is literature review. I understand it very well.??	2
He's just one of those people who's nailed life. Could watch him all day. (not in a weird way or anything ... urgh)	2
Pov: he solved a cube from 1980 faster then you solve the best cube in world	2
My grandfather fought on the german side from the beginning to the bitter end of this battle, then spent months working inside a gulag as a miner, finally escaping few days before his unit was signed for execution. He never wanted to talk much about the war, only few stories about his comrades and struggle for survival, I guess he felt ashamed for all the suffering nazis brought to this world. I remember the day I asked him about it, he didn't say anything, my grandmother took me on a side and told me to never ask him about a Stalingrad.	0
"YG said that ""Title track is going to shake the whole world "". I'm so excited for title track."	2
Ede war meistens derjenige, der am offensten den Ankndigungen gegenberstand. What a time to be alive :D	2
"Some of my favorite Voltaire quotes (this man was a genius!):

""Being a bird ain't all about flying and shitting from high places.""

""It requires twenty years for a man to rise from the vegetable state in which he is within his mother's womb, and from the pure animal state which is the lot of his early childhood, to the state when the maturity of reason begins to appear. It has required thirty centuries to learn a little about his structure. It would need eternity to learn something about his soul. It takes an instant to kill him.""

""Of all religions, the Christian should of course inspire the most tolerance, but until now Christians have been the most intolerant of all men.""

""Religion began when the first scoundrel met the first fool.""

""Uncertainty is an uncomfortable position. But certainty is an absurd one.""

""If you have two religions in your land, the two will cut each others throats; but if you have thirty religions, they will dwell in peace.""

""What can you say to a man who tells you he prefers obeying God rather than men, and that as a result he's certain he'll go to heaven if he cuts your throat?""

""Behind every successful man stands a surprised mother-in-law.""

 ""It is an infantile superstition of the human spirit that virginity would be thought a virtue and not the barrier that separates ignorance from knowledge.""

""Animals have these advantages over man: they never hear the clock strike, they die without any idea of death, they have no theologians to instruct them, their last moments are not disturbed by unwelcome and unpleasant ceremonies, their funerals cost them nothing, and no one starts lawsuits over their wills.""

""The human brain is a complex organ with the wonderful power of enabling man to find reasons for continuing to believe whatever it is that he wants to believe.""

""Our wretched species is so made that those who walk on the well-trodden path always throw stones at those who are showing a new road.""

""Every man is a creature of the age in which he lives and few are able to raise themselves above the ideas of the time.""

""Despite the enormous quantity of books, how few people read! And if one reads profitably, one would realize how much stupid stuff the vulgar herd is content to swallow every day.""

""I have wanted to kill myself a hundred times, but somehow I am still in love with life. This ridiculous weakness is perhaps one of our more stupid melancholy propensities, for is there anything more stupid than to be eager to go on carrying a burden which one would gladly throw away, to loathe ones very being and yet to hold it fast, to fondle the snake that devours us until it has eaten our hearts away?""

""Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.""

""The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.""

""It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.""

""God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh."""	1
Fajny odcinek	1
thanks for keeping me in the loop with tate i always have hard time finding channels who cover his day-to-day but in H3 i trust	2
Gittikce dahada guzelle?iyosun Melo! Senin eski bir videonu izlemi?dim. O zamanlar tp mideli diyildin v? kilolu k?zlar i?in fikirler veriyodun. Seni  2 aydirki takib ediyorum v? senin o k?z oldu?unu bilmiyordum (Fiziksel olarak) . Sayfanda gezinirken o videonu g?rdm. Nas?l ya dedim ?? Cok guzel zayiflamissin taniyamamisim bile .. B?yle devam et g?l K?z??( Azerbaycanliyim  kelimeleri dzgn yazmam?? ola bilirim )	1
Hello Lor minecraft animation remember when I ask u words doesnt make sense it does know what an incredible writer and u videos are nice and predictable Next Video Lor make a video of Any but put like this for a example Monster School:Baby Zombie trys to espace with a weapon sad story minecraft animation like that	2
Love you bhai ??	2
This is terrifying. A couple days ago I was just talking to my friend who went to a music festival where the security didn't even check bags. She was kinda scared how an event like that could easily be the target of mass shooting.	0
Renewed confidence that I can get through all this chemistry I have to take to be a biologist. Thank you sir.	2
I love how Soup trolls so hard and what gets him kick is spawning cars out of thin air	1
Imagine seeing Nick and Manny filming in Disneyland, must have been so cool for the people who were there that day	2
I think it's safe to say that before trusting in systems like Google Maps, one must research the routes those systems suggest you take before going on your adventure, especially if those routes are longer than the comfort zone of your own city. For example, before I go on a long drive to a destination I have never been to before, I always check the routes on Google Maps by zooming in for both satellite view and map view. Then figure out if those routes are safe to take or better to take a longer one. It's unfortunate these two groups of people went through what they did. So it's a lesson for everyone to be mindful before setting out to unknown territory. Like my husband's parents, they always have a large jug of water in their car, along with a week's worth of rations, First Aid Kit, blankets, flares, etc, even though they rarely go off the beaten path.	1
Abby, you are the best! Thanks for making my day! :)	2
Lahat tayo ay mababaliw sa mga kanta nila Adie, Arthur at Zack	1
he's so humble. wish my teachers were like him.	2
Shout out idol,ang sarap mo tingnan kumain idol rolf nakaka gutom kahit tapos na kumain godbless po...	1
I stumbled upon your page a few days ago and I must say it's been the best learning experience in terms narrowing down specific areas to focus on. Excellent content!	2
I have watched Vikram vedha on youtube in Hindi last year. I don't think, Saif can beat R. Madhwan in acting. R Madhwan surprised us in the end as he looks innocent throughout the whole movie. But Saif doesn't look innocent at all throughout the trailer. R Madhwan's smile was enough to make Vikram vedha a thriller movie.	2
Admittedly silly to subject Milton and Shakespeare to a kind of competition but, this is well worth your time and effort. The  benefit of having talented professional actors reading the small bits of their works takes this endeavor  far beyond the typical classroom experience. Truly enjoyable and enlightening.	2
Can't Believe this year Kass will have a bump and next year a new addition ??	2
To anybody who's reading this, I pray that whatever is hurting you or whatever you are constantly stressing about gets better. May the dark thoughts, the overthinking, and the doubt exit your mind. May clarity replace confusion. May peace and calmness fill your life. ??	2
"It is a damn shame that you can only put one thumbs up under this video!
Those kind of videos are what makes The School of Life one of the best channels on here!"	2
LETS GET THE TIKTOK SOUND TO 100K+ VIDEOS !! ??????	2
That fort could also double as a panic room in case of an intruder.	1
Keep< up the great work. The market price can best be described by logarithmic regression in my own opinion, these kinds of ups and downs are nothing new meanwhile Chad Leon is doing a great job with his signals as I've been able to accumulate over 17btc with his help. He's a pro in the crypto space and I'm no longer bothered about the market prices.	2
You did a phenomenal job explaining this. Thanks a lot!	2
Well explained... Pls share some more deep details on what specific knowledge on Mathematics and Statistics are needed... If you have them with you pls share the link	1
One of my favorite sites to visit....love it and thank you for such an informational site on wildlife!!!	2
Actually the ancient native American used large hunting tools. The mammoth and large animals thousands of years later the native Americans use smaller size spears, bows and arrows. Many different tribes lived in other places. The Ojibwe once lived in far eastern Canada and the Navaho came from western Canada. The sioux Dakota- Lakota creation stories are original from the black hills SD there still old curve paintings in the the black hills caves.	1
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHASE you always make the videos funny ty	2
When Chris eats each nugget, I want to eat nuggets	1
Martina, you are so inspiring!! And I love the way you are doing this stuff with so much fun :) :)	2
I'm from Mexico and it kills me to see that one of our national treasures is dying off. Also feel very much impotent at the fact that I can't do much about it. :c	0
"(Please turn on English subtitles!??)

???? ??? ??? ?? ????????
It's a dish made with only delicious ingredients from the mart????
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Instagram?https://www.instagram.com/gongsam_table/ 
facebook?https://www.facebook.com/GONGSAMTABLE203
TikTok ?https://www.tiktok.com/@gongsam_table 
bilibili?https://space.bilibili.com/549639445 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------"	2
"""subscribe so you don't miss the next devlog""
These were the legendary words of mythic legion before he disappeared"	1
I love when a natural story teller is interviewed. Sometimes,  Mark will ask one question and an uninterrupted retelling of a life follows. I  so quickly became mesmerized in this tale of the streets, that I cannot even remember if an opening question was presented. This is a beautiful thing.  Thank you, Mark and John, for sharing.	2
Com o lan?amento de IPhone 14 j posso comprar o iPhone 8 Plus!!	2
amazing lanjutkan bang thor	2
"Im acualy suprised how good an precise she explaind machine learning to the child....
Respect"	2
Awesome video! I completed 2 years of medical school but had to withdraw due to my poor physical health (chronic pain). Computer science was my backup if I was unable to get into medical school. I'm currently learning python through Udemy's online course. The tech world is so broad and I feel overwhelmed. I'm hopeful that things will workout for me in the end, but med school debt is no joke.	2
"Targaryans have prophetic dreams, Called Dragon Dreams, However as Maester Aemon said ""I see them in my dreams, Sam. I see a red star bleeding in the sky. I still remember red. I see their shadows on the snow, hear the crack of leathern wings, feel their hot breath. My brothers dreamed of dragons too, and their dreams killed them, every one."" The grief and glory of house Targaryen"	0
Sympa l'offre pour les joueurs autre que sony pour s'abonner  votre magazine.....	1
love your music and it's great keep it up ??	2
5 weeks of online class radically explained in 7 minutes. Thank you so much!	2
My son is a senior in high school this year. He says he might choose community college but doesn't want a 4 year university. Trade school is fine too. I think he just doesn't know what he wants to do with his life yet and that's okay. I went to college and spent 12 years paying it off just to decide later that social work was not for me. I don't understand why kids have to rush into a lifelong career when they haven't even had the opportunity to live life yet. I want my child to explore different career paths before he chooses one. I'm in no rush to kick him out. All I ask is that he works or goes to school. I don't want him to be out on his own until he has money saved in the bank and a stable job. I want him to know how to budget and manage his finances properly. I don't want him to struggle living paycheck to paycheck trying to make ends meet. He can go to college anytime if he chooses to do so. There's no age limit.	0
"?? ???? ?????.
???!"	1
CGI t top demais, nem d pra perceber que  grfico de 1998, parece que  real de t?o bom que t	1
I love how he faked his death then the police asked, that was a good part adding up to It.	2
"When you get to a point where the Republicans say ""Touch Nancy and we ridin"", you gotta take a moment of pause."	1
What an awesome video, I love to see new affordable products come out!  This makes me wonder why certain tech devices have such an immense shelf price.  If more technology can be produced at cheaper costs, there may be some advancement in the asking price from many everyday-used devices such as laptops or desktops	2
Thomas is back to the old content. Im overwhelmed with nostalgia. ??	2
"This was super refreshing to watch, thanks for this. I work in retail and Im currently working on a fighter and I recently got all 6 of my characters working! 

Im glad game dev is just fun for you! Cheers!"	2
"?Tip 26 - Make sure to LIKE & SUBSCRIBE for more awesome game dev videos.?
(Okay...so maybe that was less of a tip and more of a suggestion.)"	2
"As a computer science major who will soon be working in NYC as a software engineer, I agree with many of the points in this video. My first-year salary will exceed $100k after only a bachelor's degree. Although this is due to a combination of several internships done during college,  the cost of living in New York, and sheer luck and blessings, many of my peers are also finding roles with great compensation.

if any high schoolers, college students, or even people out of school are considering learning how to code, I strongly urge you all to make the leap."	2
I own a 0x0. Super hard to solve, it keeps slipping through the atoms of my hand.	0
Eva looks so Beautiful!????????But her role in this Movie ?? is envious and jealousy. She didn't want the man when he acted as Blind and then when she knew that he wasn't, then she wanted him. Her evil intentions destroyed their family.	0
I love Sonny, but his editors are on a whole another level. The way the music, footages and everything comes together is just an amazing symphony of perfection!	2
"Wouldn't it be fun if the fine print in these bills stated: ""if you voted no, your state will be excluded from receiving an allocation of the funds""."	0
I've been so stressed about how to best learn data science without wasting time and this is SO helpful!!	2
Super film	2
Quick resume is a game changer. I found myself completely flipping my gaming habits. Jumping between several games in one gaming session. Awesome	2
I absolutely love how Chaos is used. Instead of being like an apocalypse or something, the chaos is presented as a huge jumble of culture. Love it.	2
This was a great movie on its own and would've been great as a stand-alone series. Shame it didn't get a sequel, but I like it as it is as well. I know some people don't like it because of it not reflecting the comics character as much, but I say it was a very good version of it.	2
"Step at beginning of the video: ""Just extend the room with basic shapes.""
Step at end of the video: ""Now build an entire warehouse."""	1
You never disappoint ??	2
I never thought I'd type this sentence, but as someone with a fear of snakes, I'd actually try the snake intestine noodle dish. This was really interesting! Thank you as always for the great content and Calvin is awesome!!	2
I grew up with this.. still my all time favourite. They don't make them like this anymore. Also great love and respect for Bon Jovi ?	2
Joga?o!!!! O El Debs realmente t jogando muito!!! Queria ter visto ele nas olimpadas ??	2
I was so sad they removed Live Wallpapers in the way we previously knew, being able to tap and hold for the animation I wish we had access to the ones that animate when going to the Homescreen and the old ones ??	0
"THANK YOU. You just gave a good review unlike the stereotypical reviews that only bring up the ""its just a larger screen and that's it"" reviews that are bandwaggoning trash. So, thanks very much for this, you brought up a few things I didn't yet know about it! ?"	2
My father wrote a book about Greek mythology with Professor John Colemans support. He certainly is an expert in his field.	2
I remember going outside of the tutorial area and finding a disk, apparently there are disks scattered across in different areas	1
I thought foreigners are the ones earning below ??????????	0
Wow, massive learnings, thanks! I wonder if you wouldnt mind discussing the kind of limitations a hobbyist would face? What kind of projects are possible?	2
"Now this is a Try Not To Laugh challenge.
Actually funny clips one after another after another... Tyrone straining and struggling not to laugh...
A real ab workout!"	2
"Remember when they announced HotD. First thought: Ill definitely watch this series with my favorite bar.
And here we are ??"	2
It's bizarre how these people were so extremely judgmental. They don't look at themselves in the mirror I guess...	0
Your videos are insane, the amount of effort that goes into compiling all this information, making it digestible for the average viewer and ALSO having it be interesting? On top of that the insane amount of editing and graphic work to make it coherent and fun to watch? You're going places man, love it.	2
The potential tropical storm passed thru here in Merida, Yucatan a couple days ago & was pretty fierce. Our strongest storm of the 2022 rainy season. Definitely needed to place objects that can become airborne in a safe place!  Hopefully, Monterrey will get the much needed rains they've been praying for.	2
Fisrt	1
Im a mental health tech at an inpatient psychiatry unit and I had a particularly rough day today and hearing you say nobody needs anything from you right now really hit hard. I love you for this video, Jocie thank you so much for everything you do.	2
I'd like to suggest a session to attract more luck and bring more good fortune and positive vibes into our lives??	2
You had them converting to pothead mormanism lmao	1
Nirvan's editing flow has gotten insane, like its so fast paced and seemingly random but it just works so perfectly	2
|WlcU, n. K`, W. WMW. .	1
Which programs should a data scientist use to visualize data, and which programs and languages ??are generally prioritized in the industry? As a sociologist, I want to do the same job I do in sociology in data analysis and take myself to the next level on this path. Which programs should I focus on?	1
"WE FINALLY GOT OUR FIRST SPONSOR!!!! :D PLS CHECK IT OUT!!!!!!!
Try Dashlane for FREE on your first device and head to https://www.dashlane.com/luke 
If you decide to upgrade to premium, use my code LUKE for 50% off!"	2
Imagine how nostalgic this would feel in 10 years	2
I love this song???????	2
Great video love the guts to call this bottom formation. Great analysis. Hope youre right. Will continue accumulating. Hope inflation doesnt bite us all in the butt	2
i think the fact that a lot of people loved this song before even knowing the lyrics shows how good it is, a song that can be enjoyed without having any idea what the lyrics are about is a job done right	2
Bro this is genuinly nuts, an inspiration to a lot of us . The amount you have got done and learned in 2 years is crazy, good job!	2
"Esse  um dos trailers mais bonitos que eu ja vi, o visual, msica, cenas, ritmo e as frases...
Eu espero e gostaria muito que o filme fosse assim."	1
"Get Early Access to Videos and be the first to comment ? http://bit.ly/BestEverPatreon
Follow on Instagram for more fun food videos! @BestEverFoodReviewShow"	2
?? FREE 6 Step Guide To Choose Your Dream Career: https://bit.ly/3JLAEQh	1
"If theres a Marvel moment that youre amazed didnt make our list, its surprisingly easy to tell us in the comments!
For more Marvel, click here!: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tconr7L8Oe8&list=PLmZTDWJGfRq2R09piGPGZF769APRY_Jik"	2
Quick question, I got a 1380 on a previous official SAT, I made some stupid math mistakes but killed the english section for the most part, can i still clutch up and get that 1400 through a bunch of studying or is that a strech.(this is my first sat btw)	0
I love your builds its cool you are a pro JJ	2
You guys are the perfect duo... I absolutely love this show and Calvin is so awesome ??????	2
I'll be upgrading to the iPhone 14 Pro Max after using an 8 Plus for five years, so I imagine I'll really feel that upgrade. Stoked!	2
Receitas maravilhosas ???????????????????????	2
Very nice video Simone. I liked the gentle touching of your friends hair, spraying and straightening ??????	2
"In my personal experience the harsh reality also included:
1. Studying all the time, to the point that you personal life gets affected.  8 hours of work and 4 hours a day  of just keep up with the new lake, cloud , software, technique, library , bi tool etc. 
2. The feeling of ""You don't know enough"", ""You are not enough"". You briefly mention this and I am glad that  I am not the only feeling the same way. I know python enough to do my job, but I am not a python expert who can write functions from scratch, or change between languages say from python to  java or R. I use the existing libraries and move on to the next project."	1
11:50 These new 5s are so nice! I was lucky enough to get myself a pair and i LOVE em!	2
Como ser o prximo captulo de Rainbow friends	1
????????? ????????????? ?????????????????? ???????????????????? ?????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????	1
"The amount of people Wired gets to interview is amazing.....all of them has the passion of the kinds of job they r doing.... idk if ""job"" is the right word to use  when ua doing something what u love."	2
"Please do more of this! LOVE every single idea you guys went over. 
Interested in doing swag school with you. I am a dev (probs don't need a lot of engineering work for swag school, though) and the idea definitely resonates with me. Not that I need swag school myself...:)"	2
I can see this being good for editing and streaming reading the chat and playing the game on one screen. This is genius!!	2
"Hey there, Hank! I'm a junior in high school, who's currently taking chemistry, and I was wondering if you had any resources on heat capacity? We were studying the heat capacity of water and metals like iron and aluminum. (Which is somehow...? Related to the video? I guess.)

Thank you very much!

~Zelda"	2
Thank you for posting these videos online. I feel privileged to watch these !!!	2
Hey!  I'm 42 and going back to school after many years.  I'm working on my masters degree... but I've completely forgotten the rules of algebra, so dropping in for a refresher :)  Thanks!	2
Pff, where in Cali lol	1
Your points on providing detailed context to the interview is extremely helpful. Great video, Don!	2
Pragg????	2
A lot of times, Plugging in the answer choices is much faster than trying to solve the question in a traditional way. TAKE ADVANTAGE of a multiple choice test!	2
Miss karenge EK LEGEND KO THODE DINO KE LIYE	1
"-Black Widow-
-Shang-Chi-
-Eternals-
-Spider-Man: No Way Home-
-Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness-
-Thor: Love and Thunder-
Black Panther: Wakanda Forever
Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
The Marvels
Fantastic 4"	1
"It's been 4 years since graduating with my computer engineering degree. Pay is amazing. Benefits are amazing. Flexibility is amazing. The projects are (usually) interesting. There are so many openings in computing. There are so many business opportunities as well. It's absolutely insane! I think companies are really, really desperate for talent right now. I got lucky ending up in Silicon Valley but there is no doubt in my mind that the degree is extremely lucrative anywhere in the developed world. At my university, computer engineering was 85% computer science, 15% electrical/electronics engineering. It's functionally equivalent to computer science as far as the industry is concerned. I chose to take robotics electives in school but don't actually use those skills in my job. I'm just a standard software developer/engineer. Haha.

I have a friend who went the boot camp route and struggled a lot in the field, being the first target during layoffs and having to learn A TON of stuff that boot camps just don't cover. With some tutoring and some years of on-the-job training he is doing OK now, too. I'd definitely recommend the degree route as it lays the complete foundation and gives you the flexibility to learn about some of the more advanced specializations like machine learning, artificial intelligence, programming languages, computer graphics, game development, distributed systems, and more in a controlled learning environment with ample timing before jumping straight into the subset of the industry you're interested in."	2
Just about to finish my first year studying statistics. A short course was about machine learning so I have some knowledge and understanding of machine learning so this was a very interesting video. We got to use and tweak different types of predictor models. We split the available data into training and test data and then used the training data, which included the outcome variable, to build the models and the test data, which didn't include the outcome variable, to test the models and later compare their results to the true outcome variable	2
"""Books belong to their readers."" ~novelist John Green"	1
Absulotely a very useful one and I learned today to spread this knowledge as much as I can ??	2
My favourite story about James Joyce: When Joyce and drinking buddy Ernest Hemingway faced a potential brawl, Joyce would hide behind his more imposing comrade and shout Deal with him, Hemingway, deal with him!!!	1
"Chandlers dad: buy park place!
When someone lands on park place: buy park place!
LOL"	1
I love how the ambassador talks in circles and refuses to respond to any of the points that are being made	1
All the accessories look so cute!	2
Ed edition is SO good, it's just sad that it doesn't get much recognition online. Also, the Agent can be used as a portable inventory by spawning it, placing the items in it's inventory and then you can despawn it or just leave it, then resummon it later!	2
"Everything looked INSANELY DELICIOUS!  Give me some!!!

Safe Journey!

CHOLULA!!!"	2
"I wish I saw this 6 months ago! I've been trying to transition careers from physics to ""data science"" and after not having much luck despite what I thought to be very similar methods used in my former career, now its becoming clear why my resume is getting nowhere... I've focused on the top too much, haven't showcased my whole pyramid.  Thank you bro!"	0
"MKBHD's Dad: What do we gift him? He's a tech blogger. He has every freaking piece of tech.

MKBHD's Mom: Let's get him a water bottle!"	1
Google is proof that giving people what they need increases productivity, rather than make them lazy.	2
"*52:37*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
"Tim always posts videos on topics that I am currently practicing/have in mind. These coincidences happens so much, its scary lol. 

Love your vids ??"	2
"my predictions:
-Math: 790
-Reading+Writing: 620
Total: 1410

Omg, since this is my last chance, Im really nervous right now! I really hope that everyones hard work will pay off .<3"	2
Love this documentary so much! The narrator is amazing, also let's not forget the writer Andy Mitchell! Thank you for making this available for free!	2
Now that Mark knows how to make games, he can take part in the GMTK Game Jam, one of the biggest Game Jams ever	2
?? ????? ?? ???? ????? ?? ??? ????? ?????????? ?? ??? -????? ?? ?????? ??? ?? ???? ????? ???????? ???? ?????? ???	1
Hi Richard, just came to say thank you from the bottom of our hearts. My husband and I were applying for new positions (I applied for a lead/managerial role, and my husband for a senior commercial/pricing). Both of us watched A LOT of your videos, took note of the answers, modified to suit us and practiced. We felt confident and equipped going into the interviews and we both got the jobs we wanted!! We are thankful to come across your videos. They are so helpful and thank you for all of your hard work in making such great contents.	2
I miss the days when you unlocked these things by playing the game at your own pace. Characters and stages were always cool rewards for beating the games challenges.	2
Use my link https://bit.ly/MchaelDCJan22 and check out the first chapter of any DataCamp course for FREE to unlock new career opportunities and become data fluent today!	2
Imagine Magnus commentating World Championship alongside with Caruana&Hikaru	1
Estou adorando ver as colabora??es com a Marvel! Me surpreendeu que lu do Magalu estar no filme, parabns aos envolvidos! ??	2
You should do an offroad test with all the trucks in the swamp next to the military base:/	0
As a spanish talker I can tell you this guys were hilarious! haha, they were extremetly confused and when they were talking in spanish they were just talking about how weird and funny Omrilol was hahah	2
17/30.  Do you know how you remember that mycology is the study of fungi?  Because Mike is a fun guy!  Hyuck hyuck hyuck!	2
Sundar didn't want to pull out his phone, because its probably the next pixel device.	1
Great videos and great data science courses. I used the free preview option and I am happy to learn data science and machine learning. Thanks so much for this opportunity!	2
I can definitely see how this region's heritage and lifestyle has influenced the Caribbean, especially Jamaica... I really enjoyed this episode. ?	2
Subscribed since 15k. Glad to see the channel is growing so quickly. You deserve it all and more <3	2
The whispers got me weak bruh ????	0
The so-called turtle snake @10:24 is a hoax. The only thing real was the (blurred out) fish guts, the rest was said most likely to be cardboard and/or papier-m?ch.	0
"?Time Stamps?
~~~~~~~~~~
0:00 Whisperd Intro ???
3:41? Coconut Water Sounds??
5:00? Assesing your Skin 
7:57? Candle Lighting??
10:35? Papaya enzyme Cleansing balm 
15:00? Rinsing your face ????
18:40? Watermelon hyalurnoic clay tightening ??
23:55? Scalp massage ????
28:15? Clipping your hair ??
30:41? Removing Face mask ?
32:00? Fruit babies kit unboxing ??????????
32:58? Pore Refining toner  application
34:40? Serum Application
35:50? Ice globes ??
40:50? Moisturizer Application 
43:00? Retinol eye cream application  ??
44:44? SPF application
47:00? Lip balm ????


~?IF I Mistakes anything fell free to correct me?~??



?Night Time Routine?
?Did you take a shower? 
?Did you brush your hair and made it into a bun? 
?Did you brush your teeth? 
?Did you Wash your face? 
?Did you Drink 1 full cup of water? 
?Did you changed into your PJs? 
?Did you put your alarm on? 

??~?Welp that's it! I hope you have/had a wonderful day! Stay safe!?~??

Stay strong! ??"	1
This is so much better than it was in school.	2
? ?? ?? ???..?? ???? ?? ???? ??? ????	1
Literature is the study of human communication	1
Maroon 5's music videos always show something beyond expectations. This song was like watching a profound thriller. The video and the song go so well together. It's a great song and video.	2
A 20 minute long sibling video with the cousins, Ashley is spoiling us <3	1
Thank you brackeys ive had so much trouble with designing my own games thanks for sharing your knowledge with everyone.	2
Awesome work keep it coming really like it.????	2
*ONE OF THE BEST YOUTUBE CHANNEL FOR **#DATA** **#SCIENCE** WHICH EXPLAINED EVERY CONCEPTS DEEPLY..*	2
It's all crazy right now and I've hung in there for 2021 and this year, I feel like I can't take it anymore. So, I need to DCA some and be ready to take more unrealized loss for a bit of time. But, honestly even with all the other crypto influencers saying it's going to be horrible all the time, you have been right in the end most of the time! Crypto and blockchain does have a place in our future and I will continue the course and laugh when George is right as usual!	1
The reason for the input delay is obtain the drivers , windows is owned by Microsoft with Xbox too, so drivers are found much easier than sonys way of obtaining drivers	2
Great video Smitha. I have been working as a developer for about a year now and I just landed a job as a data scientist. Im hoping to transition into ML in a few years!	2
"Yo! This looks soooooo fun! The variety of modes & cosmetics, competitive & co-op options, etc, & for 15$?!?!?!? YAYUS!!

I also love the attention to detail & references like Master & Crazy hand or the hands in some of the menus at 0:40, 64 Needle Kirby in 1:55, & a Smash Bros reference at 2:54!"	2
"My professor uses your videos to ""teach"" us during online class. It has come to the point that we recognize you as our professor more.

Thanks for your vids!"	2
I like her as a co host. Please have Aling  on more episodes because I enjoy her self confidence and she's up to trying the questionable gleck you sometimes eat without too many qualms about it.	2
"*10 yrs old vibing*
*Now Knowing what it means and questioning humanity*"	1
Perfume: Story of A Murderer is one of the books that got me excited about reading in general. Which is both a blessing and a curse because I have yet to read a book as good as it since.	2
The music, the cinematic - absolute masterpiece!	2
"Thanks for sharing all this Thomas! It's good to be aware of some of these pitfalls.
BTW, They also apply for things outside game development."	2
"Level 1 : Explains Machine Learning
Level 2 : Explains Machine Learning
Level 3 : Explains Machine Learning
Level 4 : Explains Machine Learning
Level 5 : Chat"	1
It also helps the Robert Downey Jr looks JUST LIKE Tony Starks from the comic book, its kinda like he was born to play the part haha	2
"""do you ever eat with your hands?""
""Never""
Indians, pakistanies,Sri lankans or any desi pal: pathetic."	0
"N3on: NO way bro x2 
Me: makes swish and breaks my brothers ankles 
N3on: can't even dribble."	0
why would they be angry.   they voted for it.	0
It's risky selling at any point as we can never predict a sudden bullrun.  If you believe in the technology and the price it will rise to soon, then just ride the wave.	1
The hardest I can do is the 1x1	0
Maravilhosa lista, gostei muito!	1
0:02 Ah, good times of when I first slept in the Nether	2
Over the years I went out on a quest across the world to find out how he does his magic tricks with the rubric cube, and I've come back here to let you all know I'm still clueless ??	1
It's August 2022 ! let's see how many legend and fans are stills listening to this masterpiece...????????	2
I love watching these normal things being turned into cool hidden forts ! Keep up the great work! MUST HAVE SNACKS	2
I Love the irony because HOW DO PEOPLE NOT KNOW THAT THESE FAKE SPEEDRUNS COULD BE FAKE like fr, people should think about the fact that these vids themself might be fake =-=	0
What a DUD movie! Voices are out of sync and the actors(????) if you could call them that are 'A' typical B-grade wanna be's, I give it a Five turd rating out Five.	0
Matic. enough said	1
Yes please Chuck, make more videos about SQL. You read my mind: I just started to make a website with flask for python and a sqlite3 or mySQL database. Thanks for the new video!	2
I love how she literally explains EVERYTHING STEP BY STEP. Shes so cute ??	2
Back in 2017 I caught a 40-pound king upriver along the Klutina River (feeder river to the Copper River) and it was one of the best days of my life. That was a reel workout!	2
Dude honestly this just looks amazing and I think it's simply inspiring to see someone make this possible. It means we could do it as well, maybe, if we work as hard as you :)	2
a whole day of just msuic? awesome!	2
Thank you Iman for this awesome video, you explain everything so clear! I will analyze everything and watch more of your videos to try and start on my own, and hopefully one day buy your course, appreciate it man <3	2
platypuses are one of the coolest animals alive. I'm surprised we haven't hunted this thing to extinction yet	2
Mantul mantul mantul	1
"This is better than our own recipe at Mac Donald's! 
?? Thanks!"	2
it's crazy how much actual footage of historical events this man has squashed into one video	0
Dude dont stop making these please- this helps people who cant afford to get this sort of education. Im grateful! Thank you	2
Unironically seems like an improvement to me.	2
Loving this song its stuck in my head all day	2
Great summary  of Europe's gas crisis, Lark. I'd say it's going to be a rough winter for some countries, but reserves of gas have been made and there should also be a plan for alternative types of heating like heat pumps which are much more efficient.	2
Being a trade professional such as plumbing or HVAC can be VERY lucrative if you spend the time and money to consistently build name recognition in your local market and maintain that for years. If you can become the name that people automatically think of for HVAC problems - you can multiple hire crews to do the work for you. You can scale as big as you want and easily become a millionaire - with a tech school diploma - you just have to grow that name recognition and provide quality service.	2
I got the job offer yesterday. Thank you Rachel ?? Last time and this time, I watched your interview videos to prepare and I got the job offer for both times. Last time was my tax internship, and this time is tax associate position.	2
Que esse totens existisse no Minecraft original o jogo seria muito mais top	1
This series is SPECTACULAR. ... I've never seen any catalouge of the Intellectual History of Mankind that even approaches the depth of meaning and scholarship you're building here. ... I'm blown away and deeply grateful.	2
Most games these days look mind blowing especially when you can remember when gaming pretty much first started with games like pong etc.	2
Started watching this my freshman year in high school, now I'm watching them my freshman year in college.	1
After seeing the macro pad I was checking out their website and loved all their products. I've wanted a product like this for when I stream to make it easier, and this here is just what I need. It's a great product and I'd love it for my setup.	2
The dedication that he had to not use one of those poles as a lightsaber and start breaking stuff is insane	0
No Clooney, but this is a good movie ??	2
Definitely play more of thisI may have actually gotten jumpscared when Ian turned around to one of the birthday bots/partygoers, so if youll excuse me I need to go hit the Like Button	1
"I have a high paying tech job that Im about to leave. I feel incredibly blessed and privileged to have had it, even though I worked hard to get to where I am. I was promoted very fast after 5 years. I know its something many people would love to have and honestly Im happy that someone else who has worked hard will get my spot. Ultimately I became burnt out and just need some time to reset my life. I have lived humbly, saved every thing I could, paid off debts as quickly as possible, and have enough to live for 8 months to a year. Im hoping to come back into the industry as a healthier employee or have found something else fulfilling.

For anyone wishing they had one of these jobs or feel frustrated by people that appear to be complaining, I hope you achieve your dream and get one. You can do it, keep at it! Taking one of these jobs to be financially secure is a blessing. I am taking a break because my mental health and stress hospitalized me (dont let that scare you, I just have my own personal stuff too ??)."	2
"I worked with Apple as a tech advisor focusing on software-related issues and general usage in Asia-Pacific,mainly Australia and New Zealand customers. Apple has ""Bounty"" for anyone that may crack and report vulnerability. If there's issues like this, we can submit a report and escalate it to Senior Engineers that make some time to resolve or find solution."	2
Were not gonna ignore the image for I come so far	1
fulham doing what united couldn't	1
?Only for fans over 18 year?? Alles sehr sch?n. Aber zuerst zusammen die Nummern 10 und 1. Eine warmthhh.Online Brnette und eine andere Blondine. Es w?re unfair, wennk ich 4 w?hlen wrde	1
First of all, I want to say that I am genuinely in love with your essays. Second, I want to say that everything you say resonates in me in one way that I never experimented before: maybe this channel is what I was looking for. And thirdly... thirdly I want to say that I will stop commenting right now and start to watch the video! hahah	2
So proud of Original Hockey Moms Brownies getting recognized!! Theyre the bomb, and such an amazing Family run place! If anyone goes to Minnesota, its a MUST TRY!!	2
If the phone does everything it claims apple will be taking some real big hits for it's investors.	0
So much of quality content on Machine Learning!! I wish I knew about this channel a bit before. A must follow channel for ML & DS enthusiasts. Great job Josh :) Please continue the good work and serve the humanity!!	2
Definitely play more of this so if youll excuse me I need to go hit the Like Button	2
I haven't thought of these since my mom passed away when I was young, since she used to this to help me sleep at night. This was really relaxing and these were so nice to hear again.	2
3:26 how many genders are there? I dont fucking know, Im just tryna get some money said every corporation. Lol	0
You are amazing! Thank you so so so much!!!! These videos are extremely helpful. You know exactly how to break everything down and make it simple then build on it. Thank you thank you thank you!	2
The whole look is gorgeous, but the eyes are beautiful!	2
Wow i realy like your tricks ??	2
Awesome breakdown on this topic Max! I  have my roots in physics as well and went into it-consulting a few years ago. I have been looking for good introductions on this topic. For me it was so much easier to follow the explanations coming from a physicist. Thanks for that!	2
Is it a brief course or a detailed one.?	1
Eh, Im sticking with my 13 Pro Max until probably the 15 or 16. The cameras on the 14 Pros are literally the biggest worthwhile change this year imo.	2
umas das melhores musicas sem duvidas!?	2
"Mr Beast: ""eats edible gold""


Me: ""eats a ferrero rocher wrapper"""	1
Blog and article writing is beginning to sound more like academic research and writing on any given topic, with the level of rigour and thoroughness to give answers people want. Sounds like a good thing to me.	2
My interview is August 30th I dont know  what the out come will be, can someone wish me good luck?  Im a bit nervous.	0
Well you should have appreciated how much effort and love he put videos He works so hard to make a smile	2
Im  a Black Woman and I love the Human Race!  I love Diversity. We all are unique and wonderfully made. I Love You All????	2
It's lovely ????	2
There were atrocious kings but a lot of atrocities amongst commoners too.	0
Thanks for motivating me. I've been feeling so burned out lately. You amaze me how you can go through so many meetings yet still have the feeling to do editing.	2
15:30 You can do the same thing to create a coffee table you just have to rotate one of the two part.	1
A natie merece um trofu de melhor youtuber do mundo vc  muito caprichosa vc  t?o delicada esse asmr est divino natie????????	2
I  your asmr	1
Click here for the latest on the FBIs Mar-a-Lago search: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEb3ThbkPrFaMJ6InL5jKPTcpPxFDUL67	1
Always love the content you and the guys make. I always look forward to whats next lol. You guys are the best.	2
"press M to merge two or more points in blender, its rly useful. 
Also, nice vid! :D"	2
Msica linda! Rtmo incrvel!	1
*There are no words to describe my feelings right now. Congratulations, this video is really good ??.*	2
My grandmother had a sari made of Dhaka Muslin. I remember as a kid hugging her and remember how soft it was. I miss her so much.	2
Great job Phill! U did great on this mod!	2
I'm just finishing up a computer science degree, and I really want to get into video game development. I play indie games almost constantly, and I love the idea of making something of my own that I myself and other people can enjoy, but I keep holding myself back because I'm scared and don't know where to start. This video was definitely helpful and inspiring to me, and it makes me feel like I actually have a shot at gaining the skills I need and making something cool!	2
This is great???????	2
I would literally watch you for TWO hours! YES to the lives and YES to the unedited video!	2
nice video very inspiring and also handsome face	2
"? TIMESTAMPS:
00:00:00 - Intro
00:01:04 - Sign up for a Canva account
00:01:26 - Homepage explained
00:10:42 - Photoshop vs Canva
00:11:53 - How to create a new Canva design (3 ways)
00:13:25 - The Canva editor: Top panel explained
00:21:00 - The Canva editor: Side panel explained
00:23:00 - Using Photos
00:27:21 - Using Elements
00:37:05 - The Canva editor: Side panel continued
00:42:52 - Designing in Canva Editor
00:49:30 - Working with Text
01:10:06 - Adding Link
01:11:00 - Additional functionalities in Canva Editor
01:24:42 - How to download your designs
01:26:24 - Canva Free vs Canva Pro
01:27:13 - Canva Pro - Brand Kit
01:29:37 - Canva Pro - Content Planner
01:32:05 - Canva Pro - Additional Functionalities in Editor
01:38:34 - Learn with Canva"	1
Great course! Content is informative, well structured, and explained clearly. It is evident that Barton Poulson is very knowledgeable and his personality really shows through. His spirit is encouraging and I thoroughly enjoyed his humour. Keep up the inspiring work!	2
U DESERVE A STANDING OVATION FOR TEACHING STUDENTS IN SUCH A NICE WAY.	2
You have no idea how you've helped me throughout my research project with your articles and videos. Thank you.	2
This was super fascinating, although the part about the ear drum being able to self repair was the most surprising to me.	2
*This is not just a computer scientist, she is an amazing communicator. She mirrors the talking points of the learner, and always positively commends their opinions, all while constantly smiling and making the learner feel at ease. What an amazing person!*	2
Its always a good day when Nico uploads!	2
"Seriously, this woman's imagination NEVER runs dry. ?

All her RPs, especially The 'Your Hair Is' series, have really shown us all how inquisitive and ingenious Female ASMR really is! I feel like her originality not only gives pleasure, but also inspires many other people to put on their own thinking caps. Along with that, she seems to herself enjoying making these types of videos, which personally, makes me enjoy them even more! And honestly, I can't wait to see more unique n amazing posts from her. Much love to you as well, Female. I hope you're doing well, too. Stay safe, and do keep up the spectacular work!! (^ v ^)// 

I'm earlyyyy btw! ??"	2
Fake	0
This course is the BEST Ive ever seen/heard explaining the concepts of Machine Learning/Deep Learning. Just simply awesome. MIT students are really lucky  to have this professor. Makes me wish to be a college student again :-)	2
He sticks to a formula but the tunes dont get repetitive, you gotta be a certain level of cold for that to work	1
I watch and listen to this message at the moment of writing. I hope this powerful message can change me to live in new world. Not thinking and living in the past!	2
Pin me pliss I Love you ??	2
Well, you have convinced me to pursue a life in academia studying literature!! :D	2
"?? *$15,098 BONUS!* ??
? Join Bitget ?? http://cryptozombie.co/BitgetBonus
?? Get Up To *$6,888 BONUS* (Use THIS Link??)
?? Bitget Tutorial: https://youtu.be/SFRkbDz43KE

?? Phemex Bonus ?? http://phemex.com/a/Zombie
?? Get Up To *$4,100 BONUS* (Use THIS Link??) 
?? Phemex Tutorial: https://youtu.be/RUepw4xKZxI

?? ByBit Bonus ?? http://bit.ly/BybitRewards  
?? Get Up To *$4,110 BONUS* (Use THIS Link??)
?? ByBit Tutorial: https://youtu.be/22UuFZhl2HQ 

**Do not trade on any exchange that prohibits trading from your geographical region**

?? Market Cipher Indicator ?? http://cryptozombie.co/MCTrade

?? Trading View Charts ?? https://www.tradingview.com/gopro/?share_your_love=K-DUB

?? Ledger Nano Wallets ?? http://ledger.kdub.co 
?? Ledger Nano X Tutorial: https://youtu.be/zShw2X5lRhs

?? BTC & Altcoin Trading Bot ?? http://3commas.kdub.co
****FREE TRIAL + Get 10% OFF by using link above****

?? Unstoppable Domains ?? http://unstoppabledomains.kdub.co

??Brave Browser ?? https://brave.com/cry542

??? Elrond MAIAR ?? https://get.maiar.com/referral/bvx5tlgd3o 

??? Crypto Zombies FREE Telegram ?? https://t.me/joinchat/E67b8w-hQrMsZebuCC6peg ???

Intro Credit: https://twitter.com/naiivememe/status/1562060681616117762

? *Timestamps:*
0:00 Intro
2:19 Bitcoin Analysis
4:54 BTC Inception
7:20 SPX & DXY
8:23 Bottom Signals?
9:47 BTC on Exchanges
11:08 US PCE
12:30 Crypto News
14:10 Final Thoughts

?? ??? SUBSCRIBE to BACK-UP CHANNEL HERE ?? https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwUDkIXVsfjXnsBylzLEVUw?sub_confirmation=1

Follow me on Twitter ?? http://twitter.com/TheCryptoZombie    

Join The Telegram ?? https://t.me/joinchat/E67b8w-hQrMsZebuCC6peg"	1
No way these SAT scores were accurate. 2300 out of 2400? Yea okay, someone doesn't know how the scoring works!	0
lets just all take a moment to appreciate how much work and effort he puts into his videos. we love u cubehead	2
"Someone stated a prophecy is only useful if it is clear enough for us to take action and prevent some harm or gain some favor.

I like that. Nostradamus ""prophecies"" didn't help us prevent Hitler."	0
Our kind of shopping spree. Way to hustle, Chris and Dad!	2
Man you put on the funniest food show on YouTube.  Love your content.	2
"Hi Mattia, thank you so much for making the video. I recently started my PhD seminars, so this video is very relatable. I noticed that you carry a journal or a planner for your readings. Could you please share with us tips on organizing? I tend to get distracted by other books instead of doing research. Again, thanks a lot. 
Jey from Algeria."	2
"I am still alive lol
It's going to take some more time, but more devlogs will *actually* be coming!
Also, thanks for the crazy amount of support - it means a lot!"	2
Wonderful group of cars. I would have a tough time choosing between the Lotus & GT4RS. I thought the color combo on that Ferrari was in poor taste. It does not look good to my eyes.	0
I could cry! I never make it through a full tutorial, but you have made is so easy and fun to learn! Thank you so much for this video!!!!!	2
Ill never understand opposing teams not helping a player out(unawareness aside), such a stupid thing. Help each other out	0
"Download Star Trek Fleet Command on iOS & Android and battle in the Star Trek universe here: https://pixly.go2cloud.org/SH3Lv

Sign up for Armchair History TV today! https://armchairhistory.tv/
Promo code: ARMCHAIRHISTORY for 50% OFF
Merchandise available at https://store.armchairhistory.tv/

Check out the new Armchair History TV Mobile App too!
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/armchair-history-tv/id1514643375
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=tv.uscreen.armchairhistorytv

Discord: https://discord.gg/zY5jzKp
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ArmchairHist"	1
But youre so amazing	2
I spent 20 minutes watching a bunch of cute salamanders while learning about them you earned a sub	2
The problem with this that by focusing on totally different thing rather than better content we, subscribers are paying the price with increasing subscription fee.	0
always great to see this series, so many cool things this month, my office setup could use those chair wheels.	2
9:40 I have a question here: For example, if that is a part around the 7, this part is a certain amount of pixels in the square. It looks like you always have to write the numbers in the middle so that the network recognizes this. Is it possible that you write a 7 on the far right or on the left or on the top or bottom and the network recognizes that anyway?	1
The script writer deserves an oscar for the dialogue.	2
"You hit a soft spot with Ronin.  I think that movie is a masterpiece that went largely unnoticed.  The acting, the dense sub-text, the camera angles, the story progresses while revealing nothing.

Awesome"	2
It was very hard at the beginning.. But after relentless struggle, I finally finished watching the video..	1
Me remembering this months later xD its still gud	2
"Gabriella: San Sebastien is obsessed with raw ingredients and how they prepare them, spot on! Food seems so simple when you look at it that way...but so few do.
Gabriella has been another perfect foil on your Spanish tour - these outstanding people you've worked with across Spain have taken everything to a genuinely jaw-dropping level. I love the format C working with people who are as passionate about food as you C and they simply take you to their favourite food spots - genius. I'm totally loving Merrihue being with you now...I'll feel rather sad the next time he's not by your side in a video! Loving your work, Mark."	2
Los movimientos de Lisa son tan fluidos, sus expresiones faciales, su control del cuerpo, todo es tan bueno. Sin duda es excepcional ??	1
21:50 It's really fascinating to see the Orca's movements in front of the mirror. They move with this careful consideration and grace that you also see in species like the dolphin or gorilla. Or humans for that matters.	2
"""We brought you into this world "" 
Nope 
My mother did and I respect her for this but I refuse to respect someone based on their gender or race or anything else other than your behaviour and character"	0
??? ???? ??????? ????? ?? subscribe 150 ? ???? ??????? ?????	1
"1. Skim through the questions 
2. Actually read the passage carefully once 
3. First kind of question: main theme- save for last
    Second kind: vocab- seeing the words that you do know and use the process of elimination 
    Third kind: Paired questions- pair the choices from the questions 
4. Remember that these types questions are meant to have a single answer 
5. Underline main subject and main verb 
6. Semicolons and periods are generally interchangeable and colon sometimes too 
7. Read through the whole paragraph before they ask you to change the structure of the paragraph"	1
Most people dream of having half your collection. I love the vids so much. Im getting a 5x5 today	2
This is my favorite channel. I especially like it when you explain everything so nicely. I wish you a lot of success with the channel and happy life. This is a great channel! I only caught sight of you folks in recent times, but its now among my favorite channels. Congratulations on such an amazing achievement, can't wait to see your channel grow even bigger.	2
He is so articulate and well spoken. He explained this perfectly	2
Congratulaions you just solved an already solved cube	2
Mewa ratin  gennath barida apita	1
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin DATME.18KISSX.UNO
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial aqxc"	1
"Thor: Love and Thunder (2022) watch now HD
23:23 Hermosa eleccinyt  Fun.Releasemovie.Uno
                           
						  4k-stream.streaminghd.uno

de los mejores conciertos 

23:23 Senada: ""Hermoso"" 
23:23 Megan: ""Hotter"" 
23:23 Hopi: ""Sweeter"" 
23:23 Joonie: ""Cooler"" 
23:23 Yoongi: ""Butter"" 
23:23 Amor: ""Momentos"" 
23:23 Alfiora: ""Preety"" 
23:23 Alana: ""Awesome"" 

23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente.23:23yt"	1
Nice songs??	2
I'm really excited for Hogwarts Legacy as that looks like it could be something both fantastic and fresh.	2
"I cant even express or explain how legendary and outstanding the voice actor for Thorfinn was in this episode. That scream. Holy shit. Reminded me of Erens screams in Attack on Titan. Definitely one of my favorite moments of anime so far. Its literally his origin  story.  

Now Im wondering if Askeladd really wanted Thors to be the leader.. was that laugh a change within the moment? Im not sure but wow.. What an episode. 


?? FULL UNCUT REACTION to THIS REACTION & EVERY REACTION I UPLOAD on my Patreon ??

www.Patreon.com/NicholasLightTV"	2
sis got a 100% on the math part-	2
"Watched this tonight as part of an adult education course and wante to say that this video perfectly articulates why I want to go back to education.
I also feel the majority of the points can be applied to all types of great art, whether it be it a beautiful painting, a song, a movie even a comic (Sandman) or a TV Show (The Wire) 
In answer to a few of the comments below the video was specifically speaking about what literature is for therefore that is the only subject/medium it should analyse but I agree that any ""great"" art can teach us what it means to be human. "	2
Just a thought. Russia could do a lot of damage short of causing a meltdown. Make the reactors unusable, contaminate the site, etc.	0
I am a retired accountant and love Math.  I appreciate all of your videos on every subjects.  You made learning fun and easy. If I have these videos back in my college days I could have done a lot better in my grades and career.  I am planning to watch all of your videos for reviewing and sharpening up my skills in maths.  You are a genius.  Thank you.	2
Mister kalo mister dapet 2jt subscriber mister mau ngapain??	1
We can all agree that he never disappoints us with his content	2
"I like it.
I'm gonna use this when I game."	2
Just what I needed to know to start making my first game, Call of Mario.	2
"It seems like they're actually going for a serious story this time! I hope they manage to pull it off. The cutscenes look so gorgeous and the areas do to. I was pretty sold on playing this game but now I'm really excited! 
(Also this comment is gonna be really dated depending on what the game is like when it comes out. I guess it'll be like my own little time capsule to revisit years later)"	2
"John Romero used to say that the first level in the game was the last level he designed. 
By that time, you already know what the whole game is going to play like, and you can use that knowledge to weave it all together seamlessly. 
It works perfectly for somewhat simple games like Commander Keen and DOOM, and I'd like to think that it still works for more advanced or narrative-driven games.

Thoughts?"	2
That assessment about the nuclear plant was very eye opening , it could be Putin's way out of this but that would rely on him having any regard for his soldiers which up until now he  has not shown	1
If I was there I would be the classic friend that shouts when everything is silent to scare the others LOL	1
You are genuinely a great teacher. I finally solved my first Rubiks cube at age 47 after so many years of frustrations. Now I can teach my 7 year old son!	2
Follow My INSTAGRAM ?? https://www.instagram.com/lordhec_/channel/	1
I think you literally just saved my life , Ive been struggling to find a way out. Im currently an N.A waiting to get certified because of covid and stuff but I support myself and my grandma. I dont have anyone to turn to for help, Ive been trying to save but I cant because of bills and renting my apartment and everything. But this, literally helped me look to a brighter future. My grandma is crippled so she cannot do work or anything. Most people have parents to turn to but I dont talk to my mom or dad. This literally helped me so much because since i met *MitnickCorp?Org*  the real issue i have about debt was solve in some weeks am sure before Feb of my birthday i will be home owner.	2
"""Hurting somebody's feelings is easy as throwing a rock in the ocean, but do you know how deep that rock goes?"""	0
I still love my ABH singles. Cant wait to try this. I tend to always put shimmer on my lid, but I might try an all matte look like this.	2
I feel like the 765 doesnt belong in this list at all, almost unfair	0
"I'm not big into shoes but the fives look pretty good to me. The ""collar"" gives it a nice bit of shape too. I like them."	2
I found this video to be very well done!! When I begin work on a new model, I always start with a Google search, and go from there. Unfortunately, you can't do this during an interview. I feel like some of the best people on planet earth get overlooked, all the time, just because employers expect people to start with a blank piece of paper, and build out a model. I've been in the data science world for the past 10 years, and that's 10 years of proven success. If that's not good enough for you, writing code on a blank sheet of paper won't help very much at all.	2
The thing that irks me the most is substituting good storytelling and characters for the sake of filling quotas. I love seeing diversity, its a wonderful thing, but it shouldnt come at the expense of someone else or be shoehorned in for the sake of representation. Just write good stories and good characters, its remarkably simple.	0
The fact that Jimmy talked about refeeding syndrome and had a bunch of medical experts on standby really shows the precautions he takes behind the scenes. He's really serious about doing these challenges and definitely should be taken inspiration for a lot of people.	2
Eu t? literalmente todo arrepiado, que emocionante mano!!	1
if only laying down with headphones was as comfortable as it looked	2
In my opinion the most important thing which determines the educational performance of the child is whether his/her parents value education or not. Everything else is secondary.	1
Hi anh	1
I love your maps, they are fantastic! ?Thank you for putting them together, they are super helpful. ?One nitpick - what about Microbiology? ?This is a VERY important subject, given that unicellular microorganisms vastly outnumber the multicellular organisms most people are familiar with. ?Of course, I may be biased, since I am a microbiologist...anyway, keep up the great work! ?I am blown away by the breadth of your knowledge, and have learned a ton about scientific fields I am less familiar with through your work.	2
Extraordinary challenges require extraordinary measures. Exciting times indeed!	2
"the forty-seven works:
5:22 The Horse Dealer's Daughter
9:10 The Dead
12:41 Carnation
13:43 Brave New World
16:30 Politics and the English Language
17:51 A Modest Proposal
19:08 Journey to the Interior
19:42 Backdrop Addresses Cowboy
- Brief mention: After the Agony, Dover Beach
20:16 Sir Gawain and the Green Knight
22:29 Poetry of John Donne (Flea/Valediction/Batter)
24:06 My Last Duchess
- Brief mention: This is a Photograph of Me
24:46 Poetry of Leonard Cohen (To Anne, 
All There is to Know About Adolph Eichmann)
24:56 Munitions
25:26 Poetry of Robert Frost (25:48 Design)
- Brief mention: 
Party Piece
26:43 The Brilliant Chimpanzees
27:03 Poetry of William Wordsworth (
She Dwelt Among the Untrodden Ways, 
A Slumber Did My Spirit Seal, Composed Upon Westminster Bridge, Lines Composed a Few Miles Above Tintern Abbey)
27:45 Poetry of John Keats (Ode on a Grecian Urn, When I have Fears)
28:55 Fern Hill
29:03 Fugitive Pieces
31:37 Poetry of William Shakespeare (Sonnets 73, 116, 18)
31:37 The Tempest
33:03 Paradise Lost
35:09 
A Castaway
35:14 The Orchard Pit
35:19 The Defence of Guenevere
35:50 The Rape of the Lock
37:05 Goblin Market
37:58 Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came
38:35 The Waste Land
40:11 Heart of Darkness
41:40 As for Me and My House
42:36 Black Daisies for the Bride
44:04 The Onondaga Madonna, the other one I didn't hear clearly, it was ""To Die [something]""
44:15 The Mother of the Muses

These are just the ones I caught, hopefully I didn't miss much!
- From a prospective eng lit/comp lit major (??? ? ??`) ?"	1
"Teacher dont worry guys the test is SUPER EASY

Thats because you already know all the answers!!!"	2
Magnus shows the kid how chess speaks for itself...	1
Yes it seems like the line between law enforcement, criminality and vigilantism was extremely thin.	0
Lm 400 ngy v b?t zamazenta v?i zacian tnh cch chu?n ik anh	1
it should only end when justice prevails.	1
Dead Island definitive edition AVEC le live gold sinon pas promos.... ?a serait sympa de le prciser... Sinon il y a des promos vraiment meilleures sur Xbox et SANS Xbox live... C'est comme dire jeux gratuits sur consoles sans mentionner qu'il faut le  PS plus ou le gamepass... Pour ?a je met un pouce vers le bas mais personne ne le verra ??	1
YouTube just wasnt the same without you man! Youre the most charismatic, funny, and most awesome YouTuber Ive seen! I got a little nervous there for a bit, but to see you uploaded made me really really happy! You deserve so much more credit man, and I hope you reach 10 million subs one day!	2
OMG This is the most feel good video I've seen in years!!!!!!!!!  The song is super fun & the video makes complete synergy!!!!	2
I still remember that song xD	2
5:11 combining the joke with Codys laugh makes this amazing lol	2
Mark, you are the reason I will be putting Spain as a place to visit and eat at after this amazing food tour you have done this far. Every place you have showed us on your tour looks just absolutely amazing and stunning. The ambiance and the energy of these chefs is just outstanding. Also the quality of the ingredients and the recipes they have shared with you is just mouth watering. Spain is now on my bucket list thank you for showing your experience there. I am excited to see what is next!	2
Enjoy more exciting Movie, Drama and Original in one place, Bongo! Visit: https://tu.bongobd.com/Watch-LiveTv-Movie-Drama	2
I love how satisfying her videos are without being obnoxious or gross. We love you and thank you for being so consistent and active with your fans! ??	2
There was one single semester in undergrad that I was able to set my schedule up so that everyday I had a class start at 10:00 a regular lunch break and evening classes that ended by 6. And my dorm happened to be a single with a LOT of windows and natural light. Having a consistent schedule that matched my night owl rhythm and light regulation was the best sleep I ever felt (it was also the most consistent Ive ever been in the gym since quitting high school sports) Followed by a semester where classes started at either 8:30 or 2pm on alternate days and my worst semester both grade and mental-health wise	2
Muito bom! Me emocionei. Um abra?o a todas as pessoas do mundo.	1
This subject is one of my current greatest fears. With our current understanding, it seems likely that we'll either think something is conscious and sentient when it actually isn't; or, on the other hand, make something conscious and sentient and not even realise it, perhaps for a very long time. The former just leads to embarrassment but the latter terrifies me. True AGI could be one of the most remarkable things ever achieved in the universe; but the idea that we might fuck it up and cause that entity to suffer as a result of our ignorance.... That's just fucking heart-breaking. There's something about that that seems worse than bringing a human child into the world and neglecting it. It's like neglecting *the first* child. The first god-child.	0
"GET THE GAMES HERE!

Nintendo Switch Sports ?? https://amzn.to/3R5vwuy

Animal Crossing: New Horizons ?? https://amzn.to/3Tc093a

Splatoon 2 ?? https://amzn.to/3pDcfF4"	1
Ladies Daemon Targaryen is George Martin's favorite character in all books he's written.  This show will be fun with him being the instigator	2
"?? Contents ??
?? (0:00:00) Introduction
?? (0:10:52) Statistical Data Types 
?? (0:25:10) Types of Averages
?? (0:38:55) Spread of Data
?? (0:50:54) Quantiles and Percentiles
?? (0:55:52) Importance of Data Visualization
?? (1:05:14) One Variable Graphs
?? (1:12:04) Two Variable Graphs
?? (1:25:08) Three and Higher Variable Graphs
?? (1:31:20) Programming"	1
Amazing! There are tracks from two my favorite mixes! Thank you, Aria!	2
"This is soo true.. 
But the real situation is even more dull. 
For the sake of the work, schools are providing the online classes to the students without considering whether they have or haven't necessary access to the resources. 
This malice is pervading in rural regions more abruptly"	0
Too lazy to make ice cubes bro you pour water in a tray and leave it in a freezer thats apl	0
If Rajini ever had a son, he would have looked like Sivakarthikeyan.??	1
Wait i thought you were the kidthat had me dying lol ??	1
"I havent talk a lot but this video was amazing! The cosplay looked great especially the nose! You made a great Amy Rose!

Thanks for having me! Have a fantastic day!!??"	2
Congrats David!! What a legend!!	2
From Russia with love)) P.S.   NCS .	1
Honestly for most people it comes to whatever your friends have	1
Dan is the one guy that can make Adam look innocent	2
"READ ME: I forgot to answer the first question on the screen!! I'm sorry!!! My answer is: I'd rather pick talk to animals, even if it wasn't a perfect communication, would be unbelievable to be the only person who could do that!!! Sorry, hope y'all see this before getting mad at me for skipping it LOL

ALSO
I reference ASMR Galaxy's channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnYMUrv4Fw0&t=678s&ab_channel=ASMRGalaxy
if you love watching Would You Rathers/iPad sounds!! This video is directly inspired from theirs! :))) Definitely check them all out, so many great videos!!!"	2
im watching this the night before my SAT...we love procrastination	2
"I whole heartedly agree with the guy from NATO who was saying that Europe and the US will pay a high price this winter for supporting Ukraine this winter, but not supporting them will cost us even more

The biggest threat to Ukraine right now is that the rest of us will lose interest and abandon them
Ukraine needs to get all their territory back or Russia is just going to eat them in bites and then they will move to the next nation that they want to add back to the Soviet Union"	0
Thank you. I find the following interview questions a bit uncomfortable: 1) How do you deal with difficult people 2) Insisting on knowing the salary (which is not nice)	0
"I live in the Netherlands, Europe. And got news for you, we are already in an energy crisis. Gas price has gone 12x at the moment compared to prices pre Covid. That translates in 4x the price if you need a nrw energy contract. So people here pay easy 600 a month instead of 150 euro.
But in 2023 prices are expected 800 to 1000 euros a month. That means an insane recession. You think the bearmarket is almost over? Think again...it only just started"	0
Man did a whole scholarship interview during the challenge what a legend. he better get that scholarship	2
is it weird that it's one of the goals of my life to meet this person , just so much that he helped me a lot during a lot of hard times. Words aren't enough to express how grateful i am and blessed are we to have someone like this amazing person teach his knowledge for free and continues to do so. I salute you sir thank you for helping me out through times!	2
"Him: ""I don't want to say his possible bad moves... He might be watching the stream...""
Also him: (casually says his master queen capture plans like he is alone)"	1
Amazing how much effort so many people put into to getting a job while someone with connection can bypass it all and get the job.	2
Kumail is the man! I wish someone would give him a lead role since he's always the support for others. I would watch out the shit out of that show if they ever make it.	2
i had the same idea using a skulk sensor for a secret base entrance.  i used it at a mountain and put it at a spot where you can get to the door in time but the pistons dont activate it.  nice job with yours	1
"Finally, I found something practical rather than theoretical.
Thank you sir??"	2
This is an excellent interview. It gives hope for anyone who wishes to change their lives. Thank you to John for being so honest. I wish him  luck on his road to redemption.	2
u seem rly genuine and u don't give off the vibes that u just made this video to boast so thank u for that	2
? ?? ???? ???? ???? ??? ??? ?? ????? ???? ?? ?? ??? ??? ??! ???? ?? ?? ???? ????? ???? ? ???? ???? ?????? ?? ?? ?? ??? ?? ???? ? ?????? ???? ??	1
Hi Jatz!  I'm a new subscriber of yours due to the fact that your videos are the best! I'm interested in fba wholesale and I'm finding loads of value in your wholesale videos..thanks so much??	2
What tools do you use... we dont care <- most relevant comment Ive seen on a data science video. Great video!	2
"""Just forget about the evidence."" This is how he started the statement."	1
Voc  muito criativa parabns ????????????????????	2
"Me failing math: ????
Also me: Im gonna be a physicist ????"	1
"*17:29*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
This may be the last time you can get AMZNV4 before it takes off 4,000%	1
Msica foda, clipe bem produzido, n?o sei como n?o tem mais acessos.	1
srekli izledi?im i?in ne kadar zay?flad???n? fark edemiyorum her g?rd?mde daha da iyi g?zkyosun umar?m mutlusundur	1
Omg, the fact that you said that all I need is a month and a half makes me feel SO much better. That is the exact amount of time I have left(actually there's even 5 extra days since my test is on June 5), and I was just panicking because I just started revising today. Thank you for relieving my stress haha:)	2
When can CBNC actually show someone who created something cool (like a product turned business, an interesting YT channel, maybe they publish their own books, etc.) rather than these woefully unqualified finance gurus who add more detriment than value to most of its customers	0
Different, but i like it, Architects never disappoint	2
That dog that stopped the truck for its owner who was having a seizure is nothing short of incredible.	2
Mind-blowing, confusing, enchanting....really love your efforts to help us understand the utterly confusing quantum world.	2
All game the fans were loud and behind the team. Especially the Saliba chant. This team is different and theyre together. COYG	2
You make it sound so simple... definitely using these ideas in my classroom!	2
I'm still amazed that the dude somehow dodged a World War, by fighting a fish army.	2
Her skin is literally perfect, she's so passionate about self care & skin care. Makes sense why she chose to start the skin care brand instead of makeup. I absolutely love her skin. Congratulations on rhode, Hailey ????	2
"Saudade do Hulk que nem sabia falar direito.
O Melhor : O incrivl Hulk de 2008, todo fibrado e quebrando tudo!"	1
He was a genius and an amazing human being that achieved more than almost anyone that ever lived !	2
The automation part was a matter of time, since a lot of the work with the data is repetitive. The understanding of the business and its needs have always been the most important part of Data Science.	1
FLASH SALE -- limited quantities of 88 Degrees & Rising tour merchandise available now on https://shop.88rising.com ??????	1
5:00 It's usually not a vulture it's a condor or a Andean condor	1
I've done a thanksgiving calzone before with leftovers. It was bomb af ngl.	2
I knew a guy that had a side business laundromat.  He put his two kids on the payroll while they were in college, essentially his kid's college bills were tax deductible and the kid's income was so low they did not have to pay income tax on the income.	1
She is actually a great dancer too. React to Kamli, it's her best performance.	2
"An engineer, a physicist and a mathematician traveling in Wales for the first time notice a black sheep.

Engineer: Oh, sheep in Wales are black.
Physicist: Oh, there exists black sheep in Wales.
Mathematician: Oh, there exists at least one sheep in Wales, and at least one side of it is black."	1
Its so nice to see him smiling whenever he makes a tingly sound!	2
Mega fajny film smile mega ...	2
I know your joking but you couldn't produce us without us guys planting the seed. Thanks for being real	1
I cannot thank you enough for the wonderful music, the healthy vibes, the artwork, the everything. Thank you.	2
I still have the 2011 one and it's still a great cube, I really like feeling of it. Want to buy more modern cube soon tho	2
Fun fact: did you know the towers in the playstation 2 start up represent the amount of save files you have on your memory card? The more games you played and saved, the more block towers you'll see	1
10:11 Love that the camera focused just in time to see the confusion haha. Also those fingernail ring things (?) make a really great sound! Thanks for this pls tell your neck we're sorry.	2
OMG it looks so satisfying	2
Thank you for the information! I am going for a Ph.D. in Geospatial Data Science. I have experience in programming and have a background in Remote Sensing and GIS. As you talked about finance and  banking, I would like to know your opinion on the careers in the Geospatial industry if we have data science skills.  I would be glad to hear back from you. :)	2
Been using my M2 MBA for 2 weeks now, the best decision I ever made. Totally loving the starlight. It's fast, very light and the battery is definitely powerful; I only gotta charge it after 2 days of heavy usage at work.	2
HAPPY SUNDAY KC!! Sounds like much fun was had, and I'm so happy that you had such an amazing trip!! You are so funny????, your laughter is contagious, and your joy is infectious?!! That food looks absolutely scrumptious??...TFS!!!	2
Respect to this guy who was brave enough and had the stones to do that to expose orders ????	2
"A mi me parece una buena dinmica pero me gustara quef lo hicieran en el sitio web para mas accesibilidad a todos los jugadores premium y no premium.


Pd: Soy premium pero en el launcher oficial no me carga la 1.19 y en tlauncher si carga no c porq"	1
Great video! Love how you style everything so cutely ?? I really wish to get my own Switch OLED soon! Btw, where did you buy this tiny white TV looking thing in the back with the pastel buttons?	2
"Yes
Please 
Oooooooooh ??
??"	2
Well done Duda!!	2
"Teacher: *""Nothing is infinite""*
The cube: *""you dare defy me mortal?""*"	0
I've never been able to juggle more than two things in my whole life until now! Taylor makes it so easy to understand! Great tips! Thank you SO much! Self esteem improved +10 pts!	2
hope your build goes well crypto highs and lows will be nothing compared to building	2
"???? ????  Your face absolutely 'lights up'  ??  each day when you are presenting this extra special 'on this day' segment for us all Neil.  I am so pleased to see that you are enjoying it - as much as we are!   cont..

I enjoyed seeing and hearing about  EVERYTHING  mentioned today and ""Yes"" I will join you tomorrow!   ""Thank you"" dear Neil xx ? ?? ??"	2
Anyone who couldnt see her beauty behind all her crazy costumes in the beginning of her career were always missing out. Its actually a shame that so many people just judged her for being over the top when she first started out. She was gorgeous then and she is gorgeous now	2
we all did the dinosaur game when there was no wifi at school ????????	2
Hi Krish, I have always been interested in AI and things around it & about it. You nailed it, man! A naive like me who has some faint idea of AI could simply understand and know further about DL & ML too! Very useful video. Thanks much! :)	2
Inverse Cramer. Time to buy BBBY	1
Ellen still has no clue why she was kicked to this day...	0
Hi, I am from non-t ech field so I found myself interested in this data science programme and also started watching your videos and practicing. But I have a question that it would be valid learning from YouTube only and not from any learning institute for getting job in future?	2
"Theres an egg on your head and the yolk is running down  theres a knife in your back and the blood is gushing down

Im sleeping with Pams mom. Sometimes dinner"	0
Subscribe if you learned something!	1
Im somewhere in the middle and with the way the economy is (all the denial from Biden). This just broke my trust in the government. I cant trust them at all from this point on. Period!!!	0
Das Highlight, (wenn es denn berhaupt kommt) drfte die Apple Watch Pro werden (vor allem beim  Preis ????) oder die normale Apple Watch im kantigen Design. Das neue iPhone (ob nun gro? oder klein) wirkt fr mich pers?nlich, recht unspektakul?r (Recycling IPhone Pro aus dem Vorjahr), gleiches gilt fr die iPhone Pro-Modelle.  Ob nun Pille oder Notch ? Selbst wenn die Kamera jetzt noch ?unbelievable w?re, wrde mir das keine 1200 Euro, aus der Geldb?rse locken. Ich denke, es wird auch das letzte iPhone, mit einem A-Chip berhaupt sein. N?chstes Jahr wird auch das iPhone auf den M-Chip umgestellt. Meiner Meinung nach, l?ngst berf?llig. Ich rechne noch fest mit neuen AirPods oder AirPods Pro. Interessant drfte sein, was mit dem Apple TV passiert ? Auch mit der ?berarbeitung des HomePod Mini rechne ich fest. Von einem neuen, alten ?HomePod, gehe ich derzeit nicht aus. Mich pers?nlich interessiert nur die neue Watch, da bei meine 4er, langsam der Akku schlapp macht und Apple n?chstes Jahr, bei dem 4er Modell, den Software-Hahn endgltig zudrehen wird. Das wird vielen so gehen, da viele noch das 4er Modell haben und schon seit einem Jahr auf das kantige Design warten. Aber eins steht fr mich auch ganz klar fest: Kein kantiges Design, keine neue Apple Watch ! Dann muss die 4er, bei mir noch ein Jahr, irgendwie weiter berleben. ??????	1
I love how positive this guy is. Never says a bad word about anyone. Made me feel like I'm not stupid even when he's dispelling my wildly inaccurate preconceptions.	2
It is an artistic  , aesthetic work that accrosses the litrery language and characterized by it's owner style .	2
This guy has a face made for movies, a voice made for radio, and a great personality!  I wanna see more of Garrett!	2
I dont disagree, we will have to watch but, we now have more BTC adoption and BIG money playing with stock market ideals. Keep up the good work, see you soon.	2
"Opening Blender for the first time is terrifying, where's the ""Make Finished 3D Model"" button?"	0
"Click here http://helixsleep.com/variant for up to $200 off your Helix Sleep mattress plus two free pillows! ""I love my Helix and I think you will too!"" - Tim C. #helixsleep"	2
Im running into YA on defense a lot, in Room 5. I play in Diamond. Any advice? Ive been using WX but its dicey	1
The goal of evaporation is to cool down the leaf. The reason leafs are green is to avoid absorbing too much radiation. The sun produces a lot of energy, and similar to humans a tree needs to protect himself from sunlight. Think about how hot it gets at solar noon, and the fact that the tree needs to sit in direct sunlight for the entire day. The tree is literally cooling itself down through evaporative cooling, similar to how humans do it through sweating. This process is known as evapotranspiration.	1
10/10 very basic instructions, tasted Incredible.	2
Xhaka had a really good game. Criticize him when its justified, no doubt. But you also have to praise him when he deserves it. Goal + assist	2
Biology Made Ridiculously Easy | 1st Edition | Digital Book : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCgu2VX7zyY	2
"Here's a handy step-by-step guide for you to better navigate the tutorial!

STEP-BY-STEP: 
00:00 (Introduction)
03:06: Step 1: Make the Daisy
04:47: Step 2: Create the White Cross
06:32; (How to Hold the Cube)
08:10; Step 3: Solve the Bottom Layer
12:20;  Step 4: Solve the Second Layer
14:57: Step 5: Create the Yellow Cross
15:06: (Cube Notation)
17:35: Step 6: Solve the Yellow Face
19:10; Step 7: Position the Corners
21:46: Step 8: Position the Edges

And check out the printable text version at WIRED.com: https://www.wired.com/story/how-to-solve-a-rubiks-cube-step-by-step/"	1
Great update! Love your focus on the little details that ensure this game will be a relaxing experience for players. On an unrelated note, I look forward to the day when I can eat dinner without my puppy needing to go in the crate :P	2
Great content.... Excellent explanation about literature. I have registered for the Creative Writing course at college and I was looking for articles or visual content to make myself familiarize with the topic and after watching this video, I can tell this video helped me to understand the very important basic foundation of Fiction, Nonfiction, Drama, and Poetry. I Cannot thank you enough for sharing your knowledge with us.	2
With the way things are going, it will be Marouane Fellaine at 11:59pm on Deadline day.	1
DDOI is such an educational channel - without him humans would never grow thumbs	2
I love when Jerian makes videos like this ????	2
Idk if you realise the intensity of positive impact you are making in many people's life. Thank you so much sir for what you're doing ????.	2
No one's settling down when they see one of their fav youtubers drop a MV.	1
"I can relate to this, we were too poor to afford books. I remember the joy I felt when our teacher took us to the library. I couldn't believe they let me take books home!  Things were never the same again.

I love this man's voice!"	2
I was born confident and as a little girl I was constantly scolded for being too bold or outspoken. Now I own it again and found joy in life like when I was true to myself.	2
This just came up on my feed and I dropped in to say YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY STUNNING! Holy hell, your beauty radiates right from that smile, and your energy is pure and im excited to watch more of your videos??	2
Im always wondering how those people immediately think we would need to fight back a species that doesnt even showed itself yet for better or worse	0
this helped me calm down so much i honestly thank you so much willow. my sexual assault case may be taken to court and id have to testify. im only 13 so this has been extremely stressful. i love having your channel where i know im safe and i feel cared for<3	2
2022 and still better than 99,999% of EDM music scene.	2
Glad to see updates that protect other people against hackers.	2
I don't remember Crash Course being this complicated when I was in 9th grade biology, though I guess I should be thankful that 6 years later it is still helpful for my college level genetics class.	2
Cinema summary is no disappointment and always has something for everyone,thanks for the amazing content.	2
What a brilliant speaker. I appreciate that he stood and didn't move. The effect was I listened instead of being distracted by him moving and gesturing. As a result of his presentation I intend to take his advice to learn more about computer science. Thank you Hadi Partovi for being a person who has changed the world with your passion and knowledge.	2
I am actually really excited for the event and seeing how they will word the new base 14. Though I have to wake up at 2:30 in my area but anyway still happy about it	2
Love when yall are being nice and laughing together, yall are super cute!	2
Eu trabalho com o Vescovi, qualquer dia vou perguntar do Elefante 38	1
This is one of the most prettiest looks youve ever done. Embrace the lips! The skin! The eyes! Your natural beauty!	2
When you were talking about possibly doing a Fairy Post Office, I imagined it being inside of a flower. One soft color with little lights - either warm or cool depending on the color of the flower. ????	2
Great video! Clear and concise explanations	2
bring wesley back and give a shot to raunak! better than pragg. the next vishy!	2
"This is beyond my wildest dream! Been watching BEFRS since 2017 and it's an honor to co produce this series and eat with you! You are one of the reason why I have my own food show.

Thank you for the opportunity and all the advices you gave me. I miss you guys! See you soon Young Master and always be Legendary!!! Apeace????

Mabuhay ang Pilipinas! ????"	2
"An interesting footnote from history. After the conference in Tehran in 1943, it was decided that the Allies would start delivering aid to the Yugoslav partisans and that aid to the Yugoslav monarchists would be stopped. When, after the conference, one of the British members of the delegation told Churchill that he had sold Yugoslavia to the communists, Churchill asked him: ""will you live in Yugoslavia after the war?"" The delegate replied that he wouldn't, to which Churchill added: ""I won't either, so why bother?"""	1
"I like how the ""true dragons"" didn't end up looking like the ""stereotypical"" dragon. Instead they had a very Quetzalcoatl appearance, which makes it believable. As cool as a dragon looking like Draco from Dragonheart would be, I could see a pterosaur-like dragon being more realistic."	2
This song is so reassuring in a strange way. It's so comfortable to listen, like a good'ol friend you're happy is around.	2
Bagg go hard every single time!!??????	2
"Lets be honest


We all keep coming back just to see if this man is still alive."	1
I love how you explain everything with physical examples that makes it easier to understand. Keep the good work and please continue sharing the discoveries made about quantum mechanics.	2
"This is exactly what I was searching for!
Thanks dude ??"	2
So beautiful, so relaxing	2
Still sleek and nice design, we have both the Pixel 6 and Pro versions and both are great! Really the standard 6 and 7 are plenty of premium phone. the Pro version is definitely massive.	2
Amazing stuff. I'm curious though on what would be your approach to setup the VSCode debugger having TypeScript installed as a dev dependency instead of a global dependency.	2
"Building wealth involves developing good habits like regularly putting money away in intervals for solid investments. Financial management is a crucial topic that most tend to shy away from, and ends up haunting them in the near future. Putting our time and effort in activities and investments that will yield a profitable return in the future is what we should be aiming for, Success depends on the actions or steps you take to achieve it. ""You're not going to remember those expensive shoes you bought ten years ago, but you will remember every single morning when you look at your bank account that extra 0 in there. I promise, that's going to be way more fun to look at everyday."""	2
Est ce que il est prvu que la hausse des prix concerne galement les Apple Watch sries 8 o SE ?	1
?AHH! ?Te adoro, Sanvi!, me acabas salvar la noche, no poda dormir y apenas entre al YouTube me encontr la maravilloso portada de tu vdeo, hoy duermo happy. ?3	2
  asmr,     ?	1
Great content Kyle, highly appreciated.	2
O BR simplesmente meteu um churrasquinho de gato em Los Angeles, brabo apenas.	1
"We got ourselves a 2-in-1 video, with one of those parts talking about the 2-in-1 laptop lol I swear I just thought of that. Hope y'all enjoy!

Edit: If you are considering the LG Gram, check out the new one with the 11th Gen Intel CPU and the new Intel Evo Series! To learn all about that, check out my new video: https://youtu.be/h2548d3GrpY"	2
"46:24 This is actually insanely important and probably underrated advice. There was a time in my life where I ended up stifling all of my random ideas in the name of ""higher priorities"", and it unwittingly spiraled me into 2-3 years of burnout and depression. This is all in retrospect, because at the time I thought I was doing the right thing, but it's extremely clear to me now that you *need* to give yourself the freedom to create and explore; eventually you'll find the balance of how much time you should set aside for those tangents, and sometimes those tangents turn out to be a core part of your final work! (Sometimes they turn out to be nothing too, but don't be discouraged, just have fun!)

Overall I loved all of these speakers, really excellent session!"	1
On your future review, will you give us a comprehensive analysis on the anti-glare matte screen? Is the matte coating embedded within the panel or is it another layer? Do you notice any sacrifices on color and sharpness because of the matte finish? Do you find its brightness setting to be adequate for an OLED monitor during productivity use? How aggressive is ABL in your testing? Please let us know. Thank you!	1
I love how loving and supportive these comments are, 100% passing the vibe check <3	2
This is unreal! Congrats on doing this at such a special place!	2
this person is a legend over 6 years on yt and has made teachers feel like peasants cuz this guy is the man for math he has rlly taught me and made me pass countless tests i am sooo thankful thanks	2
Its crazy how this is my most-anticipated game right now. I always wanted a more fleshed out version of Wii Sports and this looks to be it. Hopefully we get some of the resort sports added later on..	2
Finally got it solved!!! My very first time solving a Rubiks cube. Thank you so much for this video.	2
Youre so talented and extraordinary ??	2
"Create an SAT study regime ; me watching this video the night before my test 

edit: i got a 1240 and this is all i watched to study?? not to bad"	2
Yes, the game pad is incredibly convenient, but incredibly expensive so seemingly lower quality production  than it's competitors, that being said I would sure love to have one.	2
Buying more BTC and ETH. In 2020 i turned 15k into 250k in one year!	2
Americans are getting fed-up with the lack of a reasonable and comprehensive set of policies by the GOP, coupled with the extremist and radical views of so many of their members in the house and the senate.	0
I'm 46 years old.  This music rocks my world.	2
Thirteen Lives was incredible. It's exactly how we as human should be behaving.	2
Ive been a huge Aaronson fan for a while now. Dude is an absolute lightning bolt and refuses to quit. Every time he plays for USMNT he provides a spark. Glad to see him doing well.	2
"I love how he says: There's a Nobel Prize waiting to find that answer!
Like he's telling us to not fear math or physics and give it s try, haha. I love it ??"	2
As a 33 year veteran teacher, I suggest that you talk to teachers about their working conditions. The disrespect has infected the classrooms. Teachers are being verbally and physically attacked by students and even parents on a daily basis. A lot of this stems from mental health issues, yet nothing is ever done about it.	0
Not the biggest fan of Dan, but this was definitely the best interview he's done IMO.  You killed this Adam... You've improved an INSANE amount since the beginning days, it's nuts.	2
"Obama to Biden:
Great job, Joe! Just keep doing what the wranglers tell you to do. You can trust them. They answer directly to me."	2
I love these videos. I just had a tech exec at a Fortune 200 company ask me for any podcasts that could help him stay abreast of current/emerging technology. I didn't have a great answer for him, but I did mention this series. He was looking for more audio-centric content though. Food for thought, @IBM Technology!	2
A few days ago my house was destroyed by water. I am a Bangladeshi brother. Please any body help mee	0
Thank you Rachel, this is really helpful. Youre great!	2
Should be automatic updates just like Android phones.	1
I want to go to Pakistan JUST to eat food with Ali. I really enjoyed his personality - he's got a great sense of humor and he's obviously super passionate about educating  people on the beauty of his country.	2
I would do anything for even just a slice of that pizza??	2
Of all the multiple universes and the infinity of it all, why would we be a threat to any aliens, or better yet, why would aliens even notice our existence, especially if we are as a planet, near destruction anyway?	0
Always love yalls videos. Especially when they include Rhonda. She is so beautiful! Not just outside but on the inside too. Just like you ladies! And yall are funny as hell apart bu but together? Yall gonna put me in the hospital one of these days lol.	2
Very helpful! I like how you assume that people are coming from a baseline-zero/beginner and go into detail without making it too confusing or lengthy. A true skill! :)	2
Dan continues to be my new favorite, he has such an air of confidence about him and a comforting presence. Like Dan shows up and you just know things are going to be fine.	2
Level 6: Explain machine learning to the machine.	1
Keren seru gamenya	1
"Update:
SAT subject tests have been discontinued forever.
SAT optional essay section has been removed as well."	0
Kristen, you're like the only YouTuber I constantly watch! I feel like I connect with you in so many ways!	2
I love how Stans hes your bother and shes your sister lines were for two sets of people who were enemies, but made peace with one another.	2
Coming back on that lecture, you're an absolute gem Robert Sapolsky. I've discovered this video a year ago, searched my way through the infite possibilities of life, finally started my bachelor in psychology, and I head on becoming a researcher in evolutionary psychology or something like that if things go well and if I still like it. Hopefully I see you some day at Stanford University	2
This is not just a food review channel. This is a cultural documentary that makes me appreciate our planet and I will support this channel till I'm an old woman.  ????????	2
Meliscim art?k ergenlik ?a??nda de?ilsin gzel oldu?un halde burnunu dudaklar?n? be?enmiyorsun ?ok gzelsin do?als?n kafan? takma Ezgide ?ok gzel hep b?yle mutlu olun iyi anla??n ger?ek Arkada? bulmak ?ok zor.	1
Rumors were that Amazon would launch AMZ this month and judging from this it's pretty accurate haha	2
The way you explained the psychology of each wave educated me so much. Thank you BCB, have followed for years and you always bring value to the space!	2
I would love the vbucks and the reason I think I deserve it is I've been subed since 400k and I love your videos	2
she's the only person I can watch do literally nothing for 11 minutes and not get bored at all.	2
"hELL YA TURN UP THAT EDUCATION!
Psyqui is legit my faves artist now ?"	2
"Great vid man :)
Was nice to see how your game Dev journey began 
Good luck on the next project!"	2
West ham genuinely has a solid squad bad start to the season	1
As a cuber, this video is so good. Usually, cubing videos made my people who know less about the hobby get things very wrong and mislead people, but not you! Also, DailyPuzzles is a great store, good to see you giving them exposure!	2
Tengo una mezcla de emociones, estoy feliz por verlo de nuevo y triste porque cada vez son menos los vengadores originales que quedan ????????	1
Just started watching today. Everything seem so clear now! Looking forward to other videos!	2
As an Apple employee, do update your software. Trust me!! I get quite the few security calls with hackers who are accessing devices.	1
Pretty happy with the oneplus 9. Camera is killer for sunny days on the beach. The oneplus carbon fiber case makes it feel excellent in the hand.	2
As a European who loves Italian-style pizza, one of my culinary dreams is to travel to New York to try their pizza, but also to Chicago to try the deep dish. One awesome thing about the USA being so big and so diverse is that you can find literally every type of cuisine there, both genuine and Americanized.	2
Currently the highest paying job is having close connections with Mr. Beast	2
Hopefully you did get to try some crab cakes too though ??	2
Not 5 mil	1
Anh ?? link mod ? m? t? ???c ko	1
Dude! that battery swap alone would sell me over the Sony H9, Steelseries hit it hard with that feature! I wish more peripherals had that ability!	2
GONGSAM SIEMPRE SE ME ANTOJAN TUS COMIDAS!!??	2
Makes me think the dividend will shrink soon.	0
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.Uno
-los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer- 

10:10 Hopi:
-Sweeter-
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
18:00 Yoongy:
-Butter-
00:12 Joonie:
Cooler
23:21 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial lbux.."	1
I just wanted to say THANK YOU for making such amazing content. We notice all the hard work you do and appreciate it so much	2
He literally said Im going to cheat too if nobody wants to stop everyone else. He was the one who made it so public, and now we have umpires checking all the time.	0
"Is this what you think of our friendship?

- is this what a bigh bot banship"	1
Hi i'm from Per, can i apply?	1
Im looking forward to this one. Thanks for your analysis, though admittedly I dont get too tripped up by graphics and performance unless its abysmal.	2
One of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something. He always respect us, the audience and his team, and he is polite in all his videos. We congratulate ourselves on this achievement. More to come	2
Abi Kanal?n? Yeni Buldum Videolar?n Devam? Gelsin ?n?allah Seni Seviyoruz Abi	1
I'm about to enroll in a CIS program. I wanted to know studying tips and useful tools to help me get better at coding and what I should expect to study. I really appreciate your help. I'm trying to be more confident and believe I can do this	2
"I love how brutal the commentary is in this one. It's about time somebody puts Dominos in its place. I never really understood why people like them so much, but to each their own, I guess. It's just too bad they have no appreciation on what qualifies as food worth paying for.
 
BTW, Nikhil is so funny. I hope you have him on more often."	0
"Tingman: dont be fooled by the size
Also tingman: I won because of the small cube"	1
"It must be difficult for nintendo to decide on how to move on from the Switch.

I would like to see the next console (hybrid hopefully) support switch cartridges still."	1
"Meanwhile, Stalin is over here like, ""What do I have to do to make this f'ing list??"""	0
"Software Engineering VS. Data Scientist
1. Building vs. Discovering
2. Clearly-defined vs. Interdisciplinary 
3. Well-defined career progression vs. Flexibility
4. Coding as passion vs. Coding as a skill
5. Lower vs. Higher entrance barriers"	1
"This is for some of you incoming freshman who may be worried about cs if u have never coded before:

I was a freshman data science major last year and I had never written a single line of code. I got a C in my intro to Java course and I was very disappointed as it was something I really want to pursue. I was worried about my performance in the next course Software 1, and if my grade would be lower. I worked on my own projects to better understand the logic and I ended up finishing with an A in the next course, and this was all over the course of one winter break! Now Im making apps with swiftUI and solving data science machine learning problems in python! And this was all over the course of a year! Dont be afraid if you struggle early on, its a part of the journey."	0
well explanation. love it	2
Luke makes everything funny before I laughed uncontrollably ????	2
Mr beast I hope you dont let the haters get to you thank you for being a genuinely good person and I hope it doesnt make you change we appreciate you and everything you do for this earth and people!	2
23:45 jest mistrz ten koszykarz.	1
she's so on point with French styles, they don't follow trends, but stay to the classics with some accents of edginess or accents of new trends, but the root is classic and simple	2
To visually see, the smallest machines working in a living cell is a wonderment.  The smallest machines in the cell exhibit intelligence and decision making.  To actually see them in action in real time is astonishing.	2
Good  #Animals Fun All	2
Making a separate comment for this: One thing you didn't mention in the exploding vape part of the video is *counterfeit batteries*. You mentioned faulty batteries, poorly designed vapes, but I think this is a big one that should not be left out. Most people who vape seek out batteries from known reputable brands, however there's a huge problem of cheap, counterfeit imitations of those batteries being sold under the original brand name *even on places like Amazon*. Amazon have a huge problem with counterfeit products being sold through their website and it has really tarnished their brand in many people's eyes	0
Ameritrade is the best	2
When u are unhappy with the current situation, u don't further destroy what's left of the economy, but u can cut ties with the ANC and put your hat in the ring in 2024, it's as simple as that	0
Ariana and Nicki are just the best collab ever made. All their songs together are just so amaizing	2
"Got a question on the topic? Please share it in the comment section below and our experts will answer it for you. For Edureka Machine Learning & AI Masters Course Curriculum, Visit our Website: http://bit.ly/2QixjBC (Use Code ""??????????????????"") Here is the video timeline: 2:47 What is Machine Learning?
4:08 AI vs ML vs Deep Learning
5:43 How does Machine Learning works?
6:18 Types of Machine Learning
6:43 Supervised Learning
8:38 Supervised Learning Examples
11:49 Unsupervised Learning
13:54 Unsupervised Learning Examples
16:09 Reinforcement Learning
18:39 Reinforcement Learning Examples
19:34 AI vs Machine Learning vs Deep Learning
22:09 Examples of AI
23:39 Examples of Machine Learning
25:04 What is Deep Learning?
25:54 Example of Deep Learning
27:29 Machine Learning vs Deep Learning
33:49 Jupyter Notebook Tutorial
34:49 Installation
50:24 Machine Learning Tutorial
51:04 Classification Algorithm
51:39 Anomaly Detection Algorithm
52:14 Clustering Algorithm
53:34 Regression Algorithm
54:14 Demo: Iris Dataset
1:12:11 Stats & Probability for Machine Learning
1:16:16 Categories of Data
1:16:36 Qualitative Data
1:17:51 Quantitative Data 
1:20:55 What is Statistics?
1:23:25 Statistics Terminologies
1:24:30 Sampling Techniques
1:27:15 Random Sampling
1:28:05 Systematic Sampling
1:28:35 Stratified Sampling
1:29:35 Types of Statistics
1:32:21 Descriptive Statistics
1:37:36 Measures of Spread
1:44:01 Information Gain & Entropy
1:56:08 Confusion Matrix
2:00:53 Probability
2:03:19 Probability Terminologies
2:04:55 Types of Events
2:05:35 Probability of Distribution
2:10:45 Types of Probability
2:11:10 Marginal Probability
2:11:40 Joint Probability
2:12:35 Conditional Probability
2:13:30 Use-Case
2:17:25 Bayes Theorem
2:23:40 Inferential Statistics
2:24:00 Point Estimation
2:26:50 Interval Estimate
2:30:10 Margin of Error
2:34:20 Hypothesis Testing
2:41:25 Supervised Learning Algorithms
2:42:40 Regression
2:44:05 Linear vs Logistic Regression
2:49:55 Understanding Linear Regression Algorithm
3:11:10 Logistic Regression Curve
3:18:34 Titanic Data Analysis
3:58:39 Decision Tree
3:58:59 what is Classification?
4:01:24 Types of Classification
4:08:35 Decision Tree
4:14:20 Decision Tree Terminologies
4:18:05 Entropy
4:44:05 Credit Risk Detection Use-case
4:51:45 Random Forest
5:00:40 Random Forest Use-Cases
5:04:29 Random Forest Algorithm
5:16:44 KNN Algorithm
5:20:09 KNN Algorithm Working
5:27:24 KNN Demo
5:35:05 Naive Bayes
5:40:55 Naive Bayes Working
5:44:25Industrial Use of Naive Bayes
5:50:25 Types of Naive Bayes
5:51:25 Steps involved in Naive Bayes
5:52:05 PIMA Diabetic Test Use Case
6:04:55 Support Vector Machine
6:10:20 Non-Linear SVM
6:12:05 SVM Use-case
6:13:30 k Means Clustering & Association Rule Mining  
6:16:33 Types of Clustering
6:17:34 K-Means Clustering
6:17:59 K-Means Working
6:21:54 Pros & Cons of K-Means Clustering
6:23:44 K-Means Demo
6:28:44 Hirechial Clustering
6:31:14 Association Rule Mining
6:34:04 Apriori Algorithm
6:39:19 Apriori Algorithm Demo
6:43:29 Reinforcement Learning
6:46:39 Reinforcement Learning: Counter-Strike Example
6:53:59 Markov's Decision Process
6:58:04 Q-Learning
7:02:39 The Bellman Equation
7:12:14 Transitioning to Q-Learning
7:17:29 Implementing Q-Learning 
7:23:33 Machine Learning Projects
7:38:53 Who is a ML Engineer?
7:39:28 ML Engineer Job Trends
7:40:43 ML Engineer Salary Trends
7:42:33 ML Engineer Skills
7:44:08 ML Engineer Job Description
7:45:53 ML Engineer Resume
7:54:48 Machine Learning Interview Questions"	1
"(Please turn on English subtitles!??)

?? ??? ??? ???? ? ??? ? ?????
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Instagram?https://www.instagram.com/gongsam_table/ 
facebook?https://www.facebook.com/GONGSAMTABLE203
TikTok ?https://www.tiktok.com/@gongsam_table 
bilibili?https://space.bilibili.com/549639445 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------"	1
I really wondering how water made, gods know that! Jimmy never disappoints for his contents and always makes my day feel happy and better :)	2
Never thought Id see t day where GQ would post a waves tutorial ??	0
FF needs an announcement to slowly big that hype with actors and directors for sure.  Thunderbolts is on schedule as much speculation on members and who will be the villain(s) will be.  I do like the idea of the Squadron Supreme / Sinister from another universe as mention in Mr. Roman's previous posts.	2
Another cool thing missed in the review is how you can have the album cover of the track that is currently playing replace the wallpaper on the lock screen. Just tap the mini album cover.	1
Who elses sleep schedule got ruined my HIStory BLs ??	0
"Him: WE ARE BECOMING BLUE IN RAINBOW FRIENDS
Also him: ""goes on a roleplay"" 
The fans: bruh"	1
"Brad: I don't know what you look like, but I'm sure you look incredible!
Me, laying in bed at 3am with dorito dust on my face and hair unbrushed: Thanks, Brad!"	2
Dan the man. Saving the day. Riley needs to give him his own theme like Brian the Electrician.	2
Download GameMaker for free: https://opr.as/GM-MilkManSteve	1
Your help was unexpected, it turned out to be timely such a divine intervention, I can't thank you enough..	2
No one talking about Pom-Pom? She's like someone who would sit and listen to you while in your darkest moments and when your bored she always has good ideas to help you. I love pom-pom and love to see more of her and Lorelei too.	2
As an undergrad, I had to take history, and I'm an math/science person who hates history. On my own, I learned to rearrange stories in my head to make it make sense to me. I would exchange real people with people I knew to relate to the topics. I scores a hundred on about every exam when most were struggling. The nstructor made a comment that it was one person who always scored a hundred. They were like who who because there's no way. His tests were long. When I told them what I was doing to remember the content, they laughed, but I was like it works. And believe it or not, I still remember most of it and that was 22 years ago.	0
I think the pandemic has taught people the importance of multiple streams of income unfortunately having a job doesnt mean security	0
So nice to see your work. Keep up the good work!	2
Does anyone else remember crawling to the end of the blanket and thinking you'd find some magical land or room? I got the same vibe from this video.	1
Nice editing maamu	2
This song is my go to whenever I feel something. This song usually helps me go back to feeling empty. Thanks!	2
Then enemies give me twilight princess vibes. ??	2
"Twitter: ""Creating a safer environment for people to freely express themselves in."" 
Pxrge: Freely expresses himself. 
Twitter: You weren't supposed to do that."	0
WOW ??	2
The skins just got released and he's the first one who I've seen that have it, Love this content Him and other Fortnite Youtuber's make	2
Games are the most complex type of media cause they take all aspects of creativity together	2
After seeing the movie last night, it was perfect for the scene on the beach.  Congrats OneRepublic for making history by being on the Top Gun: Maverick soundtrack!	2
Convenience store-bought food may be appetizing, however, theres still nothing that could ever beat homemade meals and even street food. The way tzuyang eats and every single food on the table as if she could consume a lot, lot more than that can be so satisfying to watch.	2
The duck going for a swim and the service dog pushing the wheelchair are the cutest things I've seen all day	2
When a ghost has a better chance of meeting MrBeast than you	1
"Data Science Roadmap -
1. Learning a programming language
(Python, R) 
In python - 2 libraries numpy, panda
2. Statistics
3. Data Visualization
(Matplotlib, Seaborn) 
4. Machine learning
5. Do a project 
Thank you!"	2
I aspire to give off her energy, shes confident and sure while also being calm and genuine. I literally desire to be her essence	2
Since arriving in the Senate in 2011, Ron Johnson has repeatedly backed policies that would leave veterans out in the cold, including voting against expanded healthcare, job training, and educational opportunities for those who have served in uniform. Ron Johnsons record makes clear that he has not served in the Senate with the best interests of Wisconsin veterans in mind.	0
"I love this and even the food vlog portion. I""m a recruiter so it's interesting to see what it's like in the roles I commonly get to work on. Thanks for the great experience and video."	2
0:41 you only show the ground where the second part is. How am i supposed to identify where that is on the map?	1
Lovely! I abs adore Hrithik! If you enjoy Hrithiks videos-  another one with good dance and fab music pls react to Fire from Kites movie! The song is epic :)	2
Honestly probably 90% of huge companies dont really care about us	0
The amount on exchanges seemed like it represented an absolute amount but given problems odyction of BTC through mining increased this amount.  The real measure should be the percent of BTC remaining on exchanges!!!	1
"How many times did you eat, Chandler?

Chandler: *_yes_*"	1
This looks like the most complex battle system I have ever seen. Layer after layer of options. I am giddy after each function shown. i cant wait to play this. I will have to buy it and play.	2
"Miss the times when data science was simply called statistics. Now every company wants a Data Scientist that can do:

1. Business management.
2. Presentations.
3. Data fetching and collection.
4. Research.
5. Model building and deployment.
6. Model performance evaluation.
7. Cloud environments.
8. Database administration.
9. Pipeline building and management.
10. Client management.

With statistician the responsibilities where quite clear because now every person that works on anything related to data is now a Data Scientist."	1
Your one of the best coders one YouTube, thanks for helping me on my journey	2
"This movie's actually a play on the 1940s ""film noir"" style of filmmaking,  movie's like _The Maltese Falcon,_ _The Big Sleep,_ or later on stuff like _Chinatown_ about a jaded detective  starting what seems like a simple case to pay the bills but quickly spirals into a complex web of competing parties where just when you've got it all figured out, a new piece of info puts everything into a totally different light.

So basically the movie is about how a scenario like that would play out if the ""detective"" was an aging hippy with no sense of self-motivation who is completely unqualified to deal with it. 

At the time it came out, people compared it to their previous film _Fargo,_ which while it had distinctly Minnesotan humor it was still a serious ""true""-crime story in the end. But comparison _The Big Lebowski_ is a lot sillier and plays around a lot more with genre while ultimately having a story that's ""about nothing"", and people didn't like it. 
It became what's known as a cult classic after it came out on home video when all the couch potatoes gave it a second chance."	1
Haven't had algebra in 10 years!! this was so helpful!	2
"[  ]  [v] ?EXCELENTE
 Western Clsico y me encanta muy _Boomsex.UnO_ buena pelcula. Saludos desdes Arenillas, Repblica del Ecuador, *Sudamrica. Gracias y bendiciones * soludosss..."	1
Crazy how this series went from kinda light-heartedly debunking ice cream icing and coke watermelon lifehacks to discussing about actually life-threatening stuff. Thank you Ann, you're doing amazing work <3	2
A qualidade deste canal  gigantesca, parabns mais uma vez. ??	1
Another tip is to take your time. Don't force yourself into like 5-6 classes. 4 classes (3 majors, one elective) would be your best friend.	1
How dare they defend themselves after being invaded , what's the world coming too ??	0
I used to work in a used game store. We would refurbish GameStop refurbished consoles literally daily from people who had them for just a little over a month. GameStop refurbishes are known for taking shortcuts at every possible turn, and using the cheapest replacement parts available. We had a local GameStop that was notorious for ignoring thermal paste on literally everything they did. So much so we put out a social media post letting everyone in our area know we would redo the thermal paste in any GameStop console they purchased within a week with proof, for $10. Fuck GameStop	1
Essa  top demais ???	2
I remember getting in line for a subway at Delhi int airport. there was a line of say 6 people of which, 4 were non-indians. I was getting late and the line seemed huge. I was also wondering why so many foreigners were eating vegetarian, then one of them got in the front and the cashier told him that the non-veg line was on the other side and then they looked up and spotted that they were standing in the vegetarian line. The entire queue moved and I got my sub in time for my flight. Fun times!	2
Half of this applies to the Xbox One already. Some is cool and new though.	2
He needs to be treated and punished. Just like any other Person!!!	0
There are no dummies , there are only bad teachers. After taking many udemy courses trying to master SQL without any progress, I finally understand SQL. You are a great teacher.	2
"Physics - cool guy
Chemistry - crazy guy
Biology - kind guy
Maths - serious guy"	2
This was playing constantly on the television in my hospital room during spring 2021 in some commercial for the show 'the hills' while I was in a coma, so it has pretty much been seared into my brain. I hum it constantly and always come back here to listen to it.	2
Happy Earth Day! If you want to offset your carbon emissions I will personally cover the first month of your subscription at https://ve42.co/wren (for the first 100 people to sign up)	2
Rainbow Friends... At que  legalzinho	1
I love it !!!!  I'm going to spread it around to all my family and friends !!!!   Awesome Jimmy !!!!!	2
An epic effort with all the donations to the food bank. True class act Erik.	2
I have the V2 but I do think the OLED is nice. I like how it has ethernet support,and I hear it has a padded dock now which they should of done from the beginning but oh well. I play only on my TV so I wont be upgrading until a whole new system drops but I give the OLED a 9/10,def worth it for new switch buyers imo.	2
The intro was so good this time, you guys somehow always manage to outdo yourself each time. Loving how you hype Hrithik, always worth watching your admiration for the right things in Bollywood in your reactions.	2
How disappointing, Captain Kidd being one of only 4 pirates I could name, had a very short and minor career compared to other pirates	0
I wanna see the boys actually go out with some survivalists and survive for a week.	2
The whole SAT in general is a waste of time finally someone said it	0
 Russia is being beaten at high-speed attrition warfare.  It is alarming how Russia is throwing away its best lives and equipment. ???? Victory to Ukraine!  ??????	0
"0:00- Intro
4:30 - The Broken Wings by Kahlil Gibran
8:00 - The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde
11:46 - Pro Tip #1
13:11 - The Alienist by Machado de Assis
16:19 - Brave New World by Aldous Huxley
18:21 - Pro Tip #2
?19:50 - Frankenstein by Mary Shelley 
23:07 - Giovannis Room by James Baldwin 
26:07 - The Wind in the Willows by Kenneth Grathame
28:53 - Snow Country by Yasunari Kawabata
31:57 - Ethan Frome by Edith Wharton 
35:05 - Perfume by Patrick Suskind"	1
I think that google is just trying to stay competitive with other tech companies. Its probably very difficult for them to allow people to advance in the company when you are always working with amazing talent and hard working people.  And regarding the perk dilemma to keep you working. You can drive your own vehicle. Not eat dinner at google and also they offer fully remote positions. I think the problem is employees, especially new ones, see the progress and dedication of other employees and work tirelessly in hopes of matching that same progress. Thus the burnout dilemma.	0
I feel like enjoying your healthy daily routine, more than the coding part XD. I like how you mix designing, modeling, coding and life style content in your dev logs, great content !	2
"Bayonetta is gorgeous and her style with Lady Butterfly and her 'armor' is too dope,hope that the combat gets some more content besides the trailer,i'm thinking that some nuances and combat systems will show up in-game....
well,gotta rack up some cash to get this one day one! <3"	2
It shows how deeply they are attached to their respective sport.	1
The way Gong Sam eat look so delicious and so spicy ????????	2
"How many pens do you need?
Frank: Yes"	1
The power eggs always had a use. You could buy weapons and upgrade them using the power eggs. Within the single player	1
its such a treat seeing spectacles like this, good for Rich Strikeeven if this horse does not win anymore, Rich Strike is in the history books	2
My IT teacher in school used to phrase it, If you can kick it, its hardware.	1
Casting is looking perfect but it would be more enjoyable if  we didn't know the story bcoz the original Vedha was unpredictable and this time we know each and every move of him.	2
Did not know about most of his cabinet took their lives. But killing their own children? That upset me, how could any parent ever think of doing that? I realize those types of deaths still happen today, just going to show you barbarism still exists. It's not as if those children could be tried for war crimes. I think we all know those parents have rotted in Hell, praise the Lord!	0
Bihar me ba	1
I actually dropped out of CS the first time around. I had no idea what I was getting myself into lol. I stomped it later in life though ??	0
A friend of mine chastised me for eating sushi with my hands, saying it's not finger food. It was nice to hear the chef say the literal opposite of that.	1
I like that song ??	2
Let's just appreciate how much effort he puts into these videos for us.	2
Really needed this because I have a weird relationship with classics. I havent even started Frankenstein for the book club because Im genuinely scared lol.	0
Karls face was priceless after the horn! ??	2
"This updated video is epic. Your pioneering ""If I had to start over"" video had inspired so many similarly named videos in the tech youtube space. Certainly agree with you on the importance of coding and how that opened up several doors of opportunities in accessing ""power tools"" for the data science learning journey. 
8:01 Also thanks for the mention ??"	2
Moving over to iOS from Android in September, looking at picking up the iPhone 14 Pro Max if I can get a great deal. At a later date I'm looking at adding Airpods Pro 1 or 2. Was going to stick with Android, but due to the Samsung S22 Ultra being shipped with the Exynos Chip and throttling back performance in the UK it's led me to switching to an Iphone.	2
"Like Elon Musk stated for Tesla, the only thing that matters is the speed of innovation.   The Bitcoins and Ethereum's of today are picking up with new and innovative use cases.   The old ways will die out because they can not change and adapt quick enough with the changing times.

HODL

Oh yeah, Arcane Bear is a beast.  Would love to hear more insights from him."	2
Good summary!  When I crave something I imagine as realistically as possible that I already have it.  This helps me know if I really want it.	2
C?m ?n anh 2 c?a HUSTLANG ?? ??a nh?c rap ??n v?i ??i tai c?a em.em s? lu?n m?i ?ng h? anh HUSTLANG ROBBER v chc anh lu?n thnh c?ng trong ?m nh?c c?a anh ?	1
What a great story by a honorable and honest man. I believe him,and am also someone who has had contact. Much love and peace to all.	2
i work nights and its so hard to fall asleep when I get home but ur videos help me sm :)	2
I respect to everyone who were involved in this, Seriously the best piece that I' ve ever seen on YouTube, HATS OFF TO WELL ALL ! LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!! ??????....	2
"As an Asian who was actually born and brought up in Asia, I had never felt issues watching Western shows and their ""flawed"" representation. I mean if I want to watch a local movie I would just watch one from my own country, as there is no way Americans can portray my country and my people better than ourselves. This is until I am being lectured about how representation works and how happy I should be watching Americans try to act in various races that totally misrepresented them. I mean seriously, you are telling me your representation of Chinese is representing all the world's Chinese? That is patronizing as hell, because I can tell you there are so many differences between American Chinese, China Chinese and other Chinese living in different parts of the world. Crazy Rich Asians just made me cringe so hard, yes I am from Singapore.

I believe No Way Home would be the last good MCU movie for a long time ever, if not forever. Tried to watch Dr Strange 2, but felt like they killed the original Dr Strange and replaced him with a fake.

If you want a good representation movie in recent times. Try Everything Everywhere All At Once. Great representative movie, not because they checked the boxes but their background is actually part of the story, showing the struggles the characters experienced due to their background, plus the conflict between their cultural background and their current life . I mean they even represented rocks, who else can top it?"	0
Omg that little comment at the end about Texas' electric grid had me gagged lol (I live in Texas and experienced the utter failures of the February 2021 winter storm). I love these videos so much and even just a passing mention of the electricity crisis here by anyone is something that makes me very happy to hear. Keep up the awesome videos, they are very much loved and appreciated!	2
Heres a hot take: Most hardcore gamers/tech workers who would in nerd stuff are going to be a bunch of socially awkward weirdos. This is why these things happen at all gaming companies and places like Gencon where they virtue signal but these virtue signalers are the ones who commit assault and/or harassment ????	0
i love all these stories but somehow it's always the 21 sikhs that make me tear up every time. i think it's because the last guy died so bravely and so horribly, but showed no fear and went out singing the battle hymn of his people. what a punch in the feels.	2
????????????????????????	2
can i say bart is just, an amazing addition to Gibi's world of characters	2
Can u please do more useful content like, how to survive your Ex wife from taking anymore money from your pocket? Thats more important knowledge that should be shared	1
I dont understand, arent we all for Law and Order and No one is above the law?  It seems to me that the DOJ and FBI should investigate anyone that might have done anything that a normal person, like us, would be investigated for and possibly go to jail.  All corrupt politicians should be investigated, regardless of party.	0
Merci Herms,  toujours un plaisir de t'couter ??	2
Thankyou so much for your support over the last few weeks! Its honestly been so crazy! Also make sure you join the discord server: https://discord.gg/7eknEtp	2
Huge props to the set designers, everything was spot on!	2
"@MKBHD I""m a photographer and use the Peak EDC V2.  I'm impressed you got a 16"" into the 20L  I'm sure it's a snug fit and doesn't leave alot of room for a ipad too.  Wanted to give you a little tip I found on that bag, here goes: The main compartment has a pass through to the top zip area where phones, airpods, etc go.  You just have to fish a cable through the corner.  I do this by unzipping the side compartment enough to fish through the cable.  It makes it so I can leave a pass through USB travel battery charger with folding prongs, that means I plug in all my devices when they're in the zip area (laptop, phone, tablet and airpods) and they all get charge from the battery AND when I get to the hotel late, I just plug one one cable into the wall outlet and I hear all my devices chime in unison that they are now charging neatly in place.  Not only that when they're done charging the battery starts charging.  I wake up with everything ready to go.  Hope you enjoy trying this out. :)"	2
Everyone is busy praising this movie.....but I prefer the original anytime....no comparison there.????????But your reviews are as usual hilarious.	2
His videos are always funny and cool and kind	2
"Honestly, my main take away is that I've been saying ""tinnitus"" wrong my whole life."	0
Look, I want to thank you to the infinity; you have managed to make me love medicine with your fantastic explanations of things. You are a wonderful lecturer keep going and remember that there are many people who appreciate what you are doing. I'm a medical student by the way	2
POV:You were drawing in science class while they played this video so now youre struggling with the worksheet alone	0
    ,     ,             . .	1
This guy must know some really smart 7-year olds.	2
Wat ben jij toch een prachtig mens! Ieder keer als ik jouw video zien moest ik ook lachen. Zo leuk om jouw te zien en te horen. Je lacht is zo aanstekelijk. Jij bent een topper Nikkie!	1
Dotcomnirvan never disapointed...Fire visual ??	2
Very ambitious and respectable. I'll throw my name in the hat and see what happens ??	2
Also, for all you would-be explainers: #2 works for perfectly symmetric objects in a vacuum.	1
how long did it take you to guess what the image was? ??	1
Si llegara a estar en un reto as, creo que hasta durara ms ya que casi todo el tiempo de mi vida la paso solo y no pierdo la fe en poder llegar a participar en un reto de Jimmy ????	1
I actually love every single video that you doI love seeing the joy and legit happiness that you show	2
Bruh i write how to make a game engine and get a fucking adventure video	0
Ritesh why are you charging money for your sat notes no bro this is not the way, I can't use your notes now????	0
That was a terrific interview. And Justine, your positive, wholesome energy is infectious. I don't think Sundar would have said 'subscribe, like & comment' at the end of the interview unprompted the way he did here with any other YouTuber. I think you made him feel super at ease, and he obviously felt your enthusiasm and optimism for the future of tech. Well done!	2
"Hermosa eleccin babes.18kissx.Uno
de los mejores conciertos ?
22:22 Senada: ""Hermoso""
22:22 Megan: ""Hotter"" 
22:22 Hopi: ""Sweeter""
22:22 Yoongi: ""Butter"" 
22:22 Amor: ""Momentos"" 
22:22 Alfiora: ""Preety""
22:22 Alana: ""Awesome"" 
22:22 Joonie: ""Cooler""
22:22 tcyp Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente zifn ?? 15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ?? "	1
After watching this I realize Im only six years old.	1
Check out the next episode of CNBCs Crypto World: https://youtu.be/ytjcbhjHLgI	1
I really love the fact that the girls hold a well-organized group yoga session while the boys haphazardly wreck their enclosure ??	2
Willows has such a great whisper voice and such fantastic eyes, I hope heR channel continues to expand.	2
Good mix??????	2
Been a good while since I've been a student but I still watched the vid to find out what cool gadgets are out there. Didn't think I'd be walking away from it with a productivity tip, that idea of the simple timer is so good, instead of devices that can also do time. Great vid ,Frank.	2
"This is just perfect and works everytime. The way you speak in confidence and relaxed manner reflected on me. You have directed my mindset to the right path even if I am not really confident, at least I feel that I am giving satisfactory answers. 

Just passed my interview with 2 hiring managers after only watching this video. Thank you !"	2
i had the same idea using a skulk sensor for a secret base entrance.  i used it at a mountain and put it at a spot where you can get to the door in time but the pistons dont activate it.  nice job with yours	1
This is actually legit foundational business and marketing advice for any business with a service or product. Cheers Chris	2
I feel happy when I receive a notification of subscriber	2
with the combination of animals, organs, countries, and styles of cooking i love how Sonny would never run out of content like this ??	2
Tomorrow's my SAT exam and trust me, this was the best video that I have seen so far for the Reading Section. Thank you Anna!!	2
Whoever's reading this, i pray that whatever you're going through gets better and whatever you're struggling with or worrying about is going to be fine and that everyone has a fantastic day! Amen	2
God I have never seen such an insane start, awesome win	2
If these can replace prescription glasses forever, Im already sold! I am curious however, if the vision correction stops once the battery dies? Or if it still works even on a dead batters. That would be a very important point to make on the release.	2
You know things are desperate when your furniture starts to resemble an ocean-going vessel.  I'm glad they were found by the cruise ship, but did the cruise ship really have to make them hand-paddle their way aboard?	0
thank you so much for this!!! Im going to college in the fall to major in public health, and I was thinking of picking up a data science minor as well. This is simple enough for me to understand what the field is + what it requires!!	2
Every playlist is a vibe. Definitely putting this on when I study Japanese later tonight ????	2
Thank you for finally explaining string theory in words a non-physics person as myself could understand.  Now maybe you could explain why it isnt called vibration theory.  I believe, with that,  I would have been more accepting of what you said today years ago.	2
Muchas gracias por subirla , me encanta esta cancin qwq	1
"?? ?? ?????? ????
https://smartstore.naver.com/delkit/products/6558626863

??? ?? ?? ?? ???? ???????..??
??? ?? ??? ?? ??? ?? ?? ??..
???? ??????? ?? ????!
?? ??? ?? ????? ????? ??? ????????

Today, I ate a set of three kinds of gopchang Daechang Yeomtong..??
I ate late night food because I couldn't sleep in the night and I was hungry..
It was a choice with no regrets, just crazy!
Please subscribe and like and enjoy watching ??

Hari ini kita sudah makan tripe babat panggang dan tong garam.??
Aku tidak bisa tidur dan lapar di pagi hari, jadi aku makan camilan malam.
Itu pilihan tanpa penyesalan. Hanya gila!
""Subscribe, like, dan nikmati acaranya.""??"	1
do you still want to be a data scientist? ??	1
Bala.lobi.sajabe.panala.p._._.a.denawa.	1
GGs the semi matchups are so good	2
When you have a two, three,  four tier justice system, things like this happen and criminals run rampant.	0
"Keep it up tg 
Love the content"	2
"I would like to have a video of How to start studying for Data science. I mean where to start and how to progress. That would be helpful for those who don't know where and how to approach Data science course. 
Congrats to the team! Thank you!"	2
Feu o video ficou bom como eu sei disso  que eu sigo Doutor Fran em todas as redes sociais	1
In my opinion there is a lot of people in trouble ??	0
"The first time I watched this video, I wasn't able to comprehend almost anything (was in my 1st semester in CS).

Today, I'm currently in my 2nd semester of my 2nd year - there's a light in a tunnel. 

What was once pitch black, now is starting to have meaning. CS has both joy and suffering. A complete balance."	2
Hey Kelly, I dont really write any comments but I just want to say thank you for helping me to sleep, to relax every single night. I love that you are uploading daily sometimes. And even if you take a week or whatever break from uploading, I can just watch any other video, even old ones because all of them are relaxing. My life is really stressful at the moment and I just want to thank you for helping me, even if you never knew, you did.	2
"??????? ???? ??? 
????? ???
?? ?? ??? ???? 
???? ???? ????? ?? ????? 
?? ???? ?? ?? ?? ?? ???? ??  ?"	1
Richard is so confident he doesnt apply for jobs. Jobs apply for him	1
This is the kind of lawyer who would have been greatly honored to represent Benedict Arnold.	2
I am speechless. Lyric is masterpiece and he sing it sooo beautifully.	2
I am a 12th-grade student and really interested in machine learning. I did some basic math which is required in machine learning and am starting with this course today. I really liked the fact that the language which is used in this course is python. so excited to learn about this new branch. Will try my best to complete it. THANK YOU STANFORD FOR UPLOADING THESE LECTURES.	2
It's also difficult to get someone to tell the truth when his salary depends on him lying.	0
Trs belle vido le son et l'image est waou. Moi aussi j'ai une cha?ne o je parle de l'info du jeux vido passer faire un tour	1
Why does no one ask WHY he took them, why it's taken so long to get it back, and can the people who helped take the documents be held accountable too?	0
Dan managing to set up his soldering station on the one box they needed was incredibly amusing to me	2
"E-c-c-e-l-l-e-n-t-e video !!)) ??????
Molto rilassante zzZZzz......????
Sei meravigliosa Charlotte ??????"	2
What a life this man's living, while helping those in need of help. Kudos.	2
I am so ready for the future. Together in Faith. Expose the documents! 8:18 ?????????????	2
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
I remember watching your 48 hour modern warfare 3 stream.  You inspired me to build my first PC when I was 14 when I watched your first build video with your dad.  So proud of where youre at man.  Youre doing amazing	2
Please give us as many the insane biology of videos as possible!!	1
"More people use weed than tobacco. 
I've waited all my life to see those words.
I'm so proud of all of us. Way to go!"	2
Your video is far more effective than my bio teacher's whole year lecture	2
Thank you kuya nakuha ko na	2
Como antojas????	2
Thank you for teaching us sir thank  you again??	2
*We enjoyed this drama but it gets better when you watch our New School channel*	2
Woh I can't wait to learn about the biology of venus fly traps so I can genetically engineer my own carnivorous plants	2
His laugh when mentioned PM is nice ??	2
Funniest interview by far. Ray J played his role ??	2
"Found the channel today through Reddit. Admirable to see people who do full time work and find discipline and will to work on something else like a game on the side. Also: ""How can I horizontally center a div"" is a classic, haha."	2
Tiene s o s prenestar algo Sony ???? y si es as... Ser pico!!!	2
Having dinner and watching Mikey after a busy college day. I was just wondering why do I like these asian groceries stores videos so much! It's amazing the variety of pre made meals and frozen food they have! Everything look so good and Mikey said some of them are like eating from a restaurant. Impressive really!	2
I wonder if i killed the unboxing experience for myself after watching every single unboxing and review on youtube lol	0
Magnus must be so happy to play with the best chess player in the world. Happy for him	2
"the ""wow"" at the end had me laughing for no reason, amazing video"	2
This introduction for corporate finances is for me. I loved the explanation of the business life cycle in the market. I like the Advisory side of explanations.  My God this is great.  Sound video to see On you tube.  I am looking the text book to review this things so I can understand it correctly. Correct video and accurate explanations. Nice one mr. Uploader keep on uploading this things. I just love to see how other professors are explaing some of this things about C.F. nice one.	2
Iukikuik	1
Imagine being the person responsible for making an entire generation dumber on average. Thats a sad legacy to leave behind.	0
Great documentary! Very peaceful and relaxing.	2
Great ??your music gives me a feeling of relaxation, helps me focus for effective study, thank you ??	2
Respekt nga shqipet e maqedonis??????	1
"The sheer fact Im alive is amazing. 

My bloodline manage to make it through some of the worst times in human history.

Think of how many bloodlines that made it through the hundreds of centuries that will end today do to a car crash or overdose or suicide.

Appreciate being alive. Work hard to make ever day matter, these people in 536 worked hard to make sure youd be here today."	2
You hit the nail on the head with the feeling guilty for being white thing. I think thats why so many people are afraid to open their eyes to racism because they just think well Im not gonna be guilty for being white! when in reality you dont need to feel any guilt as long as youre not racist, you just need to acknowledge that its there and has been there. Very informative video	1
??????????????	1
It's amazing how Chris Brown can make a song as dirty as this one and make it seem like something that'd be closer to like a cute/love song.	2
"I read a quote a while ago about Turing Test which is slowly starting to make a lot of sense. The quote was ""I am not afraid of the day when a machine will pass the Turing Test. I am afraid of the day, it will intentionally fail it""."	1
Always great to see what he comes out with next!	2
Install Raid for Free ?  IOS/ANDROID/PC: https://clcr.me/GibiASMR_Raid  and get a special starter pack ??  Available only for the next 30 days	2
Wow! So many amazing ideas for DIY projects! Love them all! Thanks for the inspiration! Can't wait to try them!	2
Jimmy and Chris are always bringing something new and fun	2
Successful people don't become that way overnight. What most people see at a glance-wealth, a great career, purpose-is the result of hard work and hustle over time. I pray that anyone who reads this will be successful in life..	2
Personally play on Xbox series S, on keyboard and mouse. Definitely took a while to get used to, especially aiming. Mouse acceleration is extremely difficult to master, but I have decent piece and can triple edit now. Takes a while to learn though!!	1
Not loud enough!	0
"Willow: ignore the cat hair I hope youre not allergic
Me: well about that *dies from digital cat hair*
Anyway Willow your voice is so calming, youll forever be one of my favorite creators"	2
I love how friendly and cheerful was that Retro employee haha	2
Gente , porque pedem pra repetir o horario???? kkkk	1
The biggest advantage the Aya Air has over the steam deck, is the steam deck isn't available in all countries and regions to buy, and this should be, so people have the option to get this.	2
The desktop lamp is definitely my favorite. Its also something Ive been looking for because I updated to a keyboard that doesnt have shine through keycaps so its definitely a need too.	2
The way the old man hit the alligator its funny because your just hear a bonk bonk	1
Welcome sri lanka crekets team u a e  ?????????????????????????	2
"Literature Review
Definition: A critical recap of what has already been researched on a topic

Why do a literature review?
1. To find out for yourself what's already known about the topic
2. To give your reader a critical overview of what you found
3. To find out what's missing (gaps)"	1
Matto matto ??	2
The videos are always funny ??????????????????????????	2
You really know how to edit and create games, hope you continue youtube, you are very under rated	2
Glad the performance has gotten better on split screen. I stomached it the first time through, but might return to mess around! Knew this game had potential on the switch	2
The fact that he makes his own fried chicken, AND makes it look super satisfying while cooking is amazing. I cant even make fried chicken let alone pour *flour* in a bowl nicely. ?? ??	2
"I hope everyone (myself included) does well on the test tomorrow! Good luck, y""all."	2
"6:15 It's a shame that Galba became a really despicable emperor. Before ruling Rome, he was an admirable person and soldier, as he (along with the future Emperor Vespasian) greatly assisted Emperor Claudius during the conquest of Britain, not to mention he was also a faithful husband, as he refused to cheat on his wife with none other than Agrippina the Younger (Caligula's sister and Nero's mother).
Anyway, I have absolute respect for Sempronius Densus, as he was capable to do something other centurions like Sejanus, Macro, Chaerea and Tigellinus couldn't: protect to the end the Emperor they swore allegiance instead of just stabbing him in the back"	1
No dejemos morir la buena msica, tiene que quedarse para la eternidad...	1
I got a 1460 (790 Math + 670 English) and I got into Duke. My gf didn't submit her SAT score, and she got into Harvard. Scores are a small part of the application, maybe smaller than we think.	1
I love how Marketa felt that European joke, her face just said Goddamn it	2
You know, in our hunt for intelligent life in space, it's heartwarming and humbling to know there are other creatures on this planet other than humans who very well in the distant future, could eventually be seen as a higher intelligence.	2
WOAH! So many double takes throughout this match. Every time I glanced away, Magnus slipped out of another hairy situation. Magnus is a magician ?? ??	2
I'm at a point where I watch your videos for fun. you make learning so easy and fun, thank you so much!	2
U r a gift from god this is the first video I watched on your channel and I want to let you know that I wish you a prosperous life filled with joy and happiness with fun times God bless you physics's	2
Let's take the moment to appreciate how much effort he puts into the content for us ... ?	2
What do you think about the FUTURE of console EXCLUSIVES? Thanks for watching and LIKING the video! <3	2
This game was very emotional for me. The way we have played in recent seasons has been frustrating. Still early but this could be the start of something great.	2
Cant wait! Love the trailer.	2
This man right here had just accomplished the IMPOSSIBLE. While everyone was chasing clout and jumping on bandwagons for the past couple of years, Leon has always remained true to himself and his values and it has definitely PAID OFF. CONGRATULATIONS LEON??	2
"I'd love to know how many people have bought Rust based on how fucking funny your videos are. 

I don't know how you find all these characters, but they are all amazing."	2
its so inspiring yet very entertaining! I feel I needed to watch this. Im only 26yo but Ive felt like my life is about to end because I havent had many chances, but lately Ive realized I need some inner healing and know myself better and Ive been in that pathway since last year. gonna put those questions in practice to not forget who Im looking for: myself. ??	2
This video was funny as shit, the long drawn out trolling is funnier imo	2
One of the biggest things people should take into consideration if theyre gonna pursue any IT jobs or anything related to CS is that it never ends. Youll constantly be trying to keep up with the latest tech or wondering if you need to bring getting the newest CompTIA cert or if your current if good enough. Its a rough life especially if youre married or in a relationship, its just constantly hours in front of the screen.	0
This is one of the typical stories of the archipelago that was born from the Javanese kingdom of the Majapahit Kingdom, which used to triumph over the regional trade comoditie's market in the past before the friendship trade route was decided in the Colonial era???????????????????? - until it was colonized. 1500 - 1945, But the beginning of the story of all the great lands of Sundaland that did not have a master came 20.000 of centuries BC Hindu & Buddhist Indian, Chinese, Arabic, African Guinea = Melanesian, and indigenous Austronesian (Motherland), forming a great kingdom (still a big mystery) that was able to attack ancient Greece when the ancient Greeks came to the Kingdom. But Sundaland by that time had already been sunk by the climate of a large volcanic eruption, drowned by the ocean due to melting polar ice, and Austronesian was born the emergence of a small competing kingdom. =Sumatra (Sultan Samudera Pasai- Ottoman Empire wali songo periode & Sriwijaya Empire)west Java ( Padjadjaran empire) Central Java(Kingdom of Majapahit) ,????(Sultan of Malacca),????(Temasek), (Kingdom of Kutai) ????(Kingdom of Tondo & Butuan, Sultan of Sulu)????,???? ( Kingdom Siam) & ( Champa)???? until now the Nusantara Archipelago , Nusantara Archipelago still remains but the traces have been lost called the ancient Plato philosophers of the Nusantara archipelago	1
I really like what you said about not being able to change people, but simply having acceptance of a situation. Videos do wonders, keep doing em!!	2
"As the crypto market pauses with the stock market, I take a deep look into the Elliott Wave Theory count for the Dow Jones. A requirement for Bitcoin throughout all of its history has been that the stock market is rising. Int his video, I attempt to do the Elliot Wave count for the stock market to see if it favors more upside, along with discussing the psychology of each wave, to see if that matches the current sentiment of the cryptocurrency market right now. 

Below are products and services that I personally use and spend my own money on.

iTrustCapital C Cryptocurrency Retirement IRAs are here and I can trade within my IRA and have non-taxable events. Get $100 credited to your account when you sign up and fund your account through my link, a special deal worked out for viewers of the BCB channel and iTrustCapital.
http://itrust.capital/bcb

TradingView C The technical analysis charting software I use in every video, utilizing all the tips and tricks, best practices, complete analysis of the cryptocurrency market and exit plans. Get up to $30 off your subscription when you sign up through this link.
https://www.tradingview.com/?aff_id=108410

Linqto CPrivate equity investing in companies prior to having their IPO. They offer popular companies like Ripple.
http://bit.ly/Linqto-BlockchainBacker

Unstoppable Domains C Own a .crypto domain, and tie multiple crypto addresses and wallets to one simple human readable name, like mine, bcbacker.crypto, where you can send me XRP, BTC, ETH, ADA and more, by using that one simple address.
https://unstoppabledomains.com/r/d245bfb21ad8485

Ledger Nano C Get your crypto off of the exchanges and into your own possession with a cold storage wallet.
https://shop.ledger.com/?r=1da91545b469


Hi, I am the Blockchain Backer, bringing you the latest cryptocurrency news and analysis. The content of my channel primarily focuses on crypto news, motivation, and chart analysis on the XRP chart, Bitcoin chart, various Altcoin charts, and market cap charts. 

To support my channel and become a Backer, Hodler, or Whale here on YouTube, here is the link: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCia6oYbLKo8fLOguATpACmA/join

DISCLAIMER: I am not a financial adviser. Investing and trading is risky, and you can lose your money. The information in this video should not be used to make any investment decisions. You should contact a licensed financial adviser prior to making any investment decisions. Any affiliate links in the description of these videos may provide a commission if you decide to purchase their products. I appreciate any and all support of my channel, and without you, I wouldn't be here. Thank you."	1
This is why field trips are soooo good. They create an atmosphere of curiosity and learning. Its sad how in high school we get much less.	2
I started using mud for sugar cane purely for aesthetics, didn't realize it had other uses for sugar cane farms :)	2
Also, the amount of carbonation to syrup isn't set in the soda machines, and can be changed.  A soda with more carbonation is a 'dry' soda. A restaurant I loved would mix their own rootbeer syrup, and you could ask for it to be a dry or sweet, whichever was your preference.	2
Its really unfortunate that the intended target was missed.	0
Sympa l'offre pour les joueurs autre que sony pour s'abonner  votre magazine.....	1
I'm pretty sure we all saw that coming.	1
Congrats!	2
Chandler is literally the funniest person and I love to see him in more videos	2
I thought it would ruin the magic of video games if anything, it enhances it tenfold (for me anyway). I love thinking about how things could possibly be programmed whenever Im playing a game. Sometimes I think of how I would tell a computer to complete daily tasks, like pouring a glass of water	2
Rick Jones becoming Abomination is also probably a call back to him being A-bomb who was just a blue Abomination with more spikes	0
I gotta say bro I wasnt expecting morlun but now this comic is going to be freaking awesome!!!?? its giving me goosebumps every second.	2
"?? Want to master Java? Get my complete Java mastery bundle: http://bit.ly/2tKoy8C
?? Subscribe for more Java tutorials like this: https://goo.gl/6PYaGF"	2
Aliissuys	1
?? *_THIS IS VERY RELAXING AND LOOKS TASTY_*  ??	2
Today I learned low income families make up to 250k per year.	1
Nh?c hay gh	1
"?? ?? ??????? ???!!~~ ???????!!~~~
??? ? ???.. ???? ???? ?? ?????
??? ??? ? ????.. 
???? ??? ????? ?????? ? ???? ???? ?????~
????? ?????.. ??? ??? ? ????? ?? ???..?
??? ??????.. ?? ???? ???..
??? ?????!~~ "	1
I've started company twice, once when in college and again internationally. I noticed that India largely emulates the US way of doing things. In reality we should follow the UK model. That means unit economics first and market dominance next and not vice versa.	1
"Dude where did this amazing channel come from
Absolutely flawless sound design, script and editing"	2
Brilliant teaser, perfect remake, movie may go beyond it since same directors would have streamlined script filling the donts. Moving to the fact of you guys, So you haven't watched Vikram Vedha original and going to love this movie? Upto your choice. Yet, thats hypocrisy.	2
I'm a first year CS student at a major German university and my current classes are introduction to programming, computer architecture, automata theory, calculus and linear algebra. I went into it not having a background in CS at all, I really only went into it because I have a thing for logic and structure and I don't regret my decision at all! At the beginning I was worried because I didn't know how to code at all and I had to put in some extra hours in the beginning compared to the kids who have been doing this since they were in infant but it's totally possible.	0
?? ?????? ?????? ????.	1
THE SOUND!!! First of all, I LOVE your background, it?s absolutely ethereal, otherworldly. And I LOVE the delicate crisp sound...!!! The whispers are magic, and every trigger gives me so much tingles it?s almost more than I can handle haha. You never ever disappoint!! You are so great I just wanna hug you ??	2
I started using mud for sugar cane purely for aesthetics, didn't realize it had other uses for sugar cane farms :)	2
I've been spending two weeks listening to my professor but I haven't learned a thing until I watched your 3-hour video. You have no idea how grateful I am to you.	2
no se como una persona puede hacer cosas tan perfectas eres el mejor ??	2
Dear Organic chemistry tutor. I am preparing for biology and chemistry exams after not taking these classes for 3 years and I don't think anybody could explain this content more clear and organised. Thank you so much for taking the time and potentially changing the lives and futures of thousands, if not millions of kids that follow your account.	2
I'm honestly impressed by the time and effort you put into these videos, Keep it up!	2
What operating system will this phone be running? Google/Android or something better?	1
I still think this movie is visually stunning for the time that it was made every shot and all the CGI and practical effects look so amazing in this movie.	2
Saiman the most underrated you tubr and neon man the most timerated you tuber??????	0
Captain America: *Turns chair around and sits down* So..you made fun of me, and suffered the consequences.	0
Im a Software developer. I understand the struggle but us tech workers should count our lucky stars. We are very privileged to be where we are. Most jobs outside of tech have less perks, much lower pay, and more stress. I am grateful everyday to be in this field. Once I accumulate enough wealth to purchase my freedom, Ill see myself out.. maybe. In the meantime, I will run the race as long as I have to.	2
Note to everyone: If the tables is stuck at fetching, just restart the MySQL application and it should fix the infinite queuing.	1
Hi Mikey, Hi JJ! For the armor device, you should've have put Netherite armor. Well, keep it up the good work! Have a nice life!	2
Let's all appreciate the content  his man and his crew makes it's just a masterpiece imagin what's he's gonna doing in the future	2
The fact you ACTUALLY got Gordon Ramsay is amazing. Your production value never ceases to amaze me	2
Let's appreciate what he does and how far he's come, he supports his community and does a lot for us, thank you for your content and thanks for being here:	2
"I used to sing this song with my bestfriend in the school library...
she passed away because of anorexie and now I sing it alone...
It hurts when you can't do the little things you loved to do with a person anymore right?"	0
You guys are really getting your money's worth with the new background music.	2
"My Mexican mom: serves me a plate of spicy food
Me: *takes a bite* THIS IS SPICY!
My mom : wdym? its not spicy!
Also my mom: does not react to the food"	0
A good thing Biden stopped him getting Daily Briefings	1
"Thank you for the info.
However I think this advice applies to just about every career. 
Especially in the fast changing world we are in even accounting has to be looked at."	2
I actually prefer the pre-recorded events, the cinematography and editing are WICKED AWESOME!	2
"Was the ASOIAF dream prophecy a bit much or just right? We liked it but we have questions and we'll be discussing it on our Livestream this THURSDAY!  https://youtu.be/CKRqqO-mFoo
Head to https://www.patreon.com/SeanTankTop and JOIN THE BAR REGULAR TIER to get Early and Uncut Access to our HoTD bar, commentary, and live-stream coverage!"	2
"A small detail from that Kellys Heros scene is when the Tiger tank traverses the turret, the engine could be heard revving.
The Tiger turret was was hydraulic operated which was powered by a mechanical drive from the engine. Increasing the engine RPM would allow for hydraulic pump to increase speed allowing the turret to traverse quicker."	1
Awesome video as always.   Kind of disappointed that my personal favorite,  the ghost cube,  didn't make the list.	2
as an astronomy major and studying astrophysics, this makes me more excited in the field i'm currently learning	2
great info as always george	2
I love how he says that a steering wheel for race games are unnecessary but then says that you need a sticker on the thumbstick	1
The NES, SNES and N64 had no built-in startup, but most official Nintendo games would add those in if you inserted a cartridge. The spinning N that made the N64 famous would differ between games for example, and was sometimes differently (and even wrongly) colored. Furthermore, the GB and GBC also had a startup that you didn't inlcude, and the DSi system had a different startup from the original. Lastly, the GameCube had a 3rd startup version where the soundbites would change to Japanese chanting and shamisens, but it would only fire if you pressed the Z-button on 4 connected controllers at the same time.	1
Dear sir , waves ne 30 cent ki trade di ha or QNT ne 4 dollar ki 107 se 111	1
Ok this was so dumb and funny at the same time, LOL??	2
"The game idea sort of reminds me of this game called ""Checkpoint"" where in many of it's levels you had to die to progress for example dying so you can walk over your dead body and avoid spikes"	1
Charles Dickens likes to write sentences longer than the Mississippi River resonated so deeply with my soul, like this man is one of my all time favorite authors and yet he makes my adhd brain suffer all the gd time	0
"Gorn, being old, died....

Hard hitting historical analysis.

Love the channel!"	2
I want to give the whole world a huge hug . We have been through a lot and lost so much but we are still strong together and I feel like we are more and more connected now than ever . I wish everyone the best  and let's have a meaningful year ahead.	2
THE SMURFS MADE ME LAUGH SO HARD??	2
Classified documents in a home and location with golf tournament funded by foreign nationals. Perfect point for exchange.	2
You guys are so cute together I wish I was a couple with someone you guys are definitely in love??????????????????	2
"17:07 A small correction, he was named Sait Musashibo Benkei.
And, it's a shame you didn't include the Battle of Shiroyama, where the man who took a big role in modernizing the new Imperial Japanese Army, was ultimately killed with his band of 500 samurai, whom were originally 20 000 at the start of the Satsuma Rebellion. He was named Saig Takamori."	0
Season 1 of Vinland Saga is one of the best first seasons of anime ever, and season 2 coming out in the beginning of next year is going to be even better. Truly excited to see your upcoming reactions for this masterpiece of a tale.	2
"I don't know why all the youtubers explains stuffs better than my teachers.
But this video is crystal clear to understand"	1
"The biggest thing I've realized lately is that the more money you have, the more money you will want to spend.
So you never really feel like you have enough.
That's why I really like the idea mentioned in this video of learning how to be satisfied with what you already have.
This is especially true of us in the first world.
We get carried away by envy and comparison and believe the lie that other people live happier lives than us because they have all this stuff, that they are ""living the dream"".
But the fact is that the only reason they have all this stuff is because they are stressed out all the time trying to maintain their excessive lifestyles.
And if they stopped pushing to get more and more stuff then they would realize that happiness was already within their reach.

The irony is that people in the third world that come to live in the first world have a tendency to become like this the most.
They have lived their whole lives in poverty feeling envy for those in the first world who have everything they need.
So when they come to live here and get a job, they carry their envy with them and buy into the lie that they need more and more stuff.
Their family back home wonder why they are so stingy in sending money.
But the family doesn't realize that the ""cost of living is much higher"" where we live.
You never feel like you have enough."	2
I- Thank you. Teaching me more in 30 mins that my teacher can in 30 days??	2
"Yellow cross: 16:50
Finish Yellow face: 18:05



Corners: 19:35

Edges:
Move edges left: 22:25
Move edges right: 22:47
If none is solved: 23:13"	1
LOL  What a way to present dry material with a dry approach yet making it interesting and easy to follow  :-)  Great job!	2
"5:55 Son unos de los Topgirls.Uno

15:55 Sun: ''Hotter''
15:55 Hopi: ''Sweeter''
15:55 Joonie: ''Cooler''
15:55 Yoongi: ''Butter''

15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ,
, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente..."	1
In my physic class the professor said, Just perhaps, someday we may know of there are other planets besides those our solar system.  Now we know of over 5,000.	1
bro its actually sad how that lady just brought up race without anything leading to them doing it because of race	0
Im relocating to Tamil Nadu just to vote for this guy! Could he lead a national resistance in a few years ? ????????	2
Formidable, D'assise Lylson, je suis  brazzaville, et je suis intresse. Combien faut-il pour que cette machine arrive jusqu' moi ?	1
Glad to see you did this again, and you added long nails! These lap videos give me such a safe and cozy feel it makes me so sleepy before I can even finish the video.	2
"chega a ser ridcula a pergunta: ""o senhor n?o financia algum grupo que trama contra a democracia?""... caramba Colombo, que pergunta hein... acreditar que  possvel algum grupo ""acabar"" com a democracia no Brasil  como acreditar em saci-perer..."	1
The movie is so lovely and now part of my collection.	2
They shouldn't have permanently banned so many real accounts.	0
"Love how he gags at most of the searches but he probably searches 
Them a 2 in the morning"	1
These videos have opened my eyes to the beauty of philosophy and literature. It's such a comforting feeling to learn that the questions and often sad thoughts in my head have been thought of and so thoroughly worked on by these great men and women in the past. In the past two weeks since I've started to watch these videos, I have seriously reconsidered many topics and views I have on life. It's a shame American core curriculum doesn't require the teaching of philosophy and reasoning. If more people learned and discussed these issues, it could make our societies and lives so much more fulfilling..	2
I just love how humble and friendly this prof is. Big fan	2
I love how he explained the steps of Machine Learning in simplified plain english. thank you very much!!	2
After the GFC, we adopted MMT which basically means the only way to keep the economy going is to pump money into the M2 money supply, fiscal stimulus, lower rates, etc. With this change, the boom/bust cycles have become more frequent and dramatic. The emo chick is right, things did change after 2008 and the economy changed and will change again as part of the rest. Inflation isn't our biggest problem with MMT, but deflation will be the killer.	1
Im taking the SAT this Saturday??	2
Sir, for learning data science from this video, are there any prerequisites?	1
"Thanks man for checking Syscoin for me. Your insights are appreciated.
For your info, Suppo. Syscoin has been there for a while. I give you that, but for the last year, they have been renovating and adding new stuff to their dual L1, UTXO chain that is merged mined with BTC and a NEVM chain that offers smart contracts flexibility. These base layers will be kept for data availability (DA), to pave the way for their own L2s and , thus, infinite scalability. They are leading the way for modular blockchains. 
Please look into it once u find time. 
It's an L1 with so, sooo much potential that  wouldnt hurt to throw some $$$ there. 
Cheers and again thanks "	2
"""RUMO AOS 10 MILH?ES DE INSCRITOS BET?O!!"	1
"Just in case anyone is wondering, this technique of drawing heads is called the Loomis Method. You can research more into it and enhance drawing portraits (I personally love this technique myself.) 

Thank you for sharing this po! ??"	2
I had no idea you had this channel, and are making videos teaching all of us for free.  Thats awesome.  Thank you very much, Mr. Ramsay.	2
Everyone has been saying it but Ill throw my hat in as well. To any prospective college students, you DO NOT need to spend money on flagship products. I am about to graduate with a business degree and have been using a 7 year old laptop and the base iPad from late 2020. Both products have worked flawlessly and I have no intention of replacing them. The recommendations listed are ones I would never be able to afford even with my job Im working as well. Do your own research on forums to see what your peers say the best value product is. I promise that if you buy a flagship product you will quickly see that you did not need it.	2
I watched this video and somehow raised my score from 1430 (Sept 26 SAT) to 1500 (Oct 3 SAT) in 1 week wow! thank you so much	2
"Ive been watching your videos for an entire week preparing for an interview for my first adult job. I just got done with my interview and I would like to say thank you so much for all the very informative advice and tips! I got the job offer and I am beyond grateful for the opportunity and challenges this new role will bring! Im excited! ??????

I was asked to speak on what their company does and I did my research and informed them on that I found and they were surprised as they said most candidates do not even have a clue of what it is they applied for."	2
I think BTC 20990$ TAK ja sakti Hai In 2 days	1
Thank you sir for this video and the others I have used it today after watching your video and it works well. Smashing the like. God bless you in Jesus Name. I hope you safe there in your country.	2
"What a dedication.!!!!!
Salute bro..??????????????????????"	2
25/30 I did pretty good ??	2
I ran across this recipe today and I had all of the ingredients already. Made it for dinner tonight. Substituted steak in place of chicken.  OMG!! This hit the spot. I've eaten two helpings, ??. Thanks for sharing this recipe.	2
I've also been building computers for about 20 years.  The main reason why these videos are the paramount of PC builders is because he and his friends are entertaining as well as informative. I am always learning.  To be a leader,  one needs a team and one person can't do it all.  Good jobs guys.	2
"Its actually three cubes

**proceeds to make a portal to a whole different dimension**"	1
My daughter graduated last night, they played this song loud as the graduates left the field, never imagined one direction would make me cry ??????	2
"Alexander built cities everywhere.
The most famous Alexandria of Egypt
The furthest was Alexandria Eschate ( ) located in modern Afghanistan. 
Eschate means the furthest in Greek."	1
Yeah, I believe this Augustus guy came with a rule book, a new law prohibiting bro power because two of his youthful male servants where conspiring against him. That of his old age the boys where untouchable a common problem with bro power. ??   Augustus can be the only one ruler and most powerful.	1
Ray j is entertaining he deserves a podcast or talk show for sure ??	2
Awesome! your potential seems limitless. Putting aside funds for investment remains the smart way to prepare for the unexpected. Been in the experience since 2016 investing in growth projects and have accrued over 2M dollars in 6yrs.	2
"Start your free trial on GameMaker Studio 2 here: https://opr.as/BadGameDev
Thank you guys for watching the video!"	2
The question of AI sentience is, in some regards, unimportant.  A large percentage of humans recognize the sentience of non-human animals, yet inflict on them terrible suffering for no good reason. Why would we treat an electronic creation with more respect?	0
Jai quand mme pris mes couteur ahah. Le micro est tellement bien !! jai encore kiffe la vido comme dab ??	2
Jimmy is an amazing person! Keep up the good work man ! ??	2
I answered 52 questions in 1 minute. I got all of them wrong though.	1
Youre such a great teacher!! All the bots look sooo cute as well and comprehensible graphics like always :D	2
This is what reaction channels  should learn from pj , straight to the fkng reaction without talking any trash and it genuinely feels like he is watching it for the first time . as always pj nevee dissapoints .	1
This direct genuinely felt like a love letter to the older gamers that's been waiting 5-20 years for these ports of Megaman Battle Network, Persona, Nier, etc.	2
Thanks for all the updates, and Im looking forward to the event.	2
Gives me peace, thank you Jesus for your peace.	2
Smh she has so much food aggression, she could stand to share a raggedy fry. There is no way I'd get an attitude with my husband over a fry.	0
I love how he doesnt talk or make unnecessary faces...he just eats....	2
I watched your videos the night before my interview, and I got the job. I just turned 40, Ive been a stay at home mom for 16 years. To say Im rusty is an understatement. Your videos helped me so much. I told stories and I asked a lot of questions at the end and the conversation just kept going and I think that sealed the deal for me. Thank you so much.	2
Love how this guest speaking at the same speed  that Joe's mind jumps to new subjects, makes for a very good podcast.	2
Hey guys! I got 1160 (530e + 630m) on my first SAT last year, now I am reappearing on 14th March, any tips on how I can get 1500 this time?	1
I have a masters of data science but once I started working in a data position, I have realized that I enjoy more of the coding and building. Whether its writing Python, SQL, or R code for building and analyzing data, or building reports in SSRS, those are the aspects of my job that I most enjoy. I have been considering changing careers to software engineering. Also, I do feel like data scientists are expected to know too much these days. From communication, data visualization, statistics and deep learning, to cloud platforms, Spark and now Docker. That is a ton of skill and knowledge that seems super-human!	2
Well hello art Queen! ??  I like the look for today, exquisite and cultured ???? My niece made a drawing of me for me a few months ago, I would say it was cute but also very terrifying ??	2
It really made me sad that this person was so great and dedicated in his work but at the same time at the expense of terrible relations with his wife and 10 childrenits just so freaking sad. You can never have it all, can you?	0
Say what you want about nickel back, I was never a giant fan but the drums and bass in this song are top tier. Great song.	2
yo me conformo con que salga algo de zelda en este a?o incluso si termina siendo un port de twilight princess o wind waker hd	1
"I feel like reading Rushdie's ""Midnight's children"" again now. Thankyou for the profound explanation. Cheers ??"	2
your just awesome there's just no other way to describe you.Your truly amazing keep up the good work.	2
This guy deserves so many more subscribers.	2
Nossa este dance pratice t incrvel amei a coreografia ???? pink venom	2
If R Kelly goes to jail, all the parents of these young ladies need to go too!!	0
If 'Building a Second Brain' sounds interesting to you and you'd like to know more, you can buy Tiago's book on Amazon here: https://geni.us/5NI78lZ ?? (Or take it further and join Tiago's Building a Second Brain Course - https://go.aliabdaal.com/BASB )	2
This Peters model is so perfect for this suit it looks like its actually Andrews Peter in the suit unlike the mcu ones	2
Esta serie probablemente no sea para todos, ?pero est bien! Me gusta cmo Marvel est ampliando sus producciones en estilos y tonos para llegar a ms cantidad de pblico.	1
"There's an obese rabbit in my neighborhood. He's a wild one, and nobody knows how he got so big, but he's become popular enough that there's a couple ""slow down for wildlife"" signs. I think he's probably living in a garden, or maybe stealing outdoor pet food"	1
"His search history:
Thinnest windows laptop
Thinnest keyboard 
worlds thinnest mouse
Thinnest charger
is it legal to employ a cat
can cats edit YouTube videos
Thinnest rickroll in the world
thinnest Rick astley"	1
"Chess Pieces:
Pawn: The very first line of attack. Can move 2 spaces forward ONLY on the first move, while only moving 1 spaces forward the next move. Takes enemy's pieces if the pieces is in left/right side in front. Can be promoted into any pieces (Except King) if a pawn got into the last tile of the enemy's side.

Knight: Moves in an L Shape, Can jump over pieces.

Bishop: Can move in an X shape (can go for how long you want it to be), Can't jump over pieces. 

Rook: Can go in a + Shape (Can go for how long you want it to be), Can't jump over pieces. You can do a move called ""Castle"" if your Rook can reach the king and both pieces haven't move (don't know if that last part is right)

Queen: Can go in a + and X shape. Can't jump over pieces.

King: Can move 1 spaces around it (like a 33 Square), Protect this piece as best as you can (A checkmate will be an immediate lose). Can't jump over pieces."	1
seneng banget bang zach cobain indomie lagi, emang indomie ga ada lawan, paling enak, apalagi kalau di makan sama telor... love from Indonesia ??????????	2
Im starting a New business currently this is extremely helpful, thank you Ali!	2
"In the 90s a company I was working in, moved operations to China. At the time I was thinking ""what dumbasses"" and not just because it cost me and my fellow employees our jobs. I figured it was just a matter of time before China and the US would be at an impasse. And all these companies were going to get yanked out of China. We're close, and while it took longer than I figured, but we should start diversifying where our supply chain is located."	0
These speculative biologies are always fun to watch. Always makes you wonder what really is out there.	2
If you hold C you can move props around without moving your character. You'll look like you're standing perfectly still	2
You have helped me with most of high school calc, physics, and chem, thank you so much, and another thing that's nice about these videos is that people will always need them, this was posted 4 years ago but there are still people who need this kind of help, so thank you	2
Love the strategy and the not getting too deep into one subject advice. Definitely better to know a bit of everything than only one thing very well, especially for interviews!	2
"hey guys, as some of you know i definitely ran into a hiccup with my sound, thanks for watching nonetheless ??????

Also I wanted to do the giveaway by today, but that didnt work out so Ill get it done tomorrow (Monday) thanks for being patient ??"	2
I and every Indian Alive will never forget the story of bravery of the 21 sikhs.proud to be a indian	2
this really did have a vibe of a professional youtube video, i've really enjoyed the editing style. Keep rockin' in the free world!	2
???????????????????????????????	1
"Bruh, I just took a practice test after watching your first full review.  I went from a 580 to a 720 in maths, went down in reading though :( 590 to 570, but anyway, thank you so much,  turning off adblocker specifically for your videos. I truly appreciate it. 

Edit: Now I got a 770 on the actual exam, I have a chance of my Dream school cause of you.  Thank you??"	2
"agreeing with you.
I got into public school in Kerala and afterward, for college I got a 100% scholarship. thanks to that I have no education loan. 
we should focus on the education and financial equality of the society so that people have upward mobility and people others as well.
??"	2
< I totally agree with what you are saying....The fact is, BTC is the future of crypto and the questions traders ask themselves now if this is right time to invest? before jumping into conclusion i think you should take a look at things first. for the past few days the price of BTC has been fluctuating which means the market is currently unstable and you cant tell if it is going bearish or bullish. while others still continue to trade without the fear of making lose, others are being patient. it all depends on the pattern with which you trade and also the source of your signals. i would say trading has been going smoothly for me, i started with 2.5 BTC and i have accumulated over 11.6 BTC in just three weeks, with the trading strategy given to me by *WTRADE INSPECTS*	1
This is my first time even seeing IOS 16. Looks so different and I always love new updates. This is a huge update that unlocks many new features but kinda sad they took other great features	2
Me encanta el trailer y el temazo que han elegido.	1
90.9% of the comment here be like :;Ne never fail to make me laugh his contact never disappoint us ??????	2
Such a beautiful makeup look!!!????	2
Matt Smith portrayal of Daemon Targaryen was nothing short of perfection, he plays the character the way I imagined he would be in a live action format. Can't wait for yah to see more of him, also ladies this show is about the dance of dragons so yah won't be seeing the mad king in this show.	2
Imagine seeing Nick and Manny filming in Disneyland, must have been so cool for the people who were there that day ?????	2
We need more of Nikhil on Food wars! The pre planned banter between Joe & Nikhil is damn funny ??	2
Imagine that team right there ??	2
"Nobody is a clear winner here. It is a great lesson for Politicians out there. But I beliwve there are still pretty much many more ""Najib"" out there in our Political & Government institutions."	1
I love watching your Youtube channel! It's always fun to watch.	2
"Without Mane, Liverpool will be out of 4th place definitely.
Last few years, Mane was the inigitator of attacking force ofthe team."	1
thank you, I love unexplained mysteries and I love your channel	2
I suppose it's because I grew up when all video games had pop in so it doesn't really create a negative connotation for me with a game.  I know that if a game isn't wholly designed for the Switch that issues can occur with frame rates, pacing and the like but it is always nice to see when developers continue to work on and iron out the problems with their games. I think the patch was needed and accomplished what it was supposed to.	2
The Perpetual Motion Simulator is similar to the Space Wheel that used to sell for about ten dollars. Used ones on Amazon are now going for ten times that...but they're still cool.	2
"What I Love about Italy & Spain is the simplicity of preparing their food, allowing the natural taste of the food to shine through. In America we overcook, over prepare our food! The freshness of this food makes you feel like you never had true prepared food. Mark, this is what sharing food is really about! In your own words ""Wow!!! Can't help but to appreciate you & your show!"	2
"""The one he aced!"" ??????????????"	2
love this music. Used to sleep with this song!?? very calm and pop at the same time!!????	2
Your guys content output is very impressive always quality dialog and animations, you guys earn every sub you've got through intellectual educational content.	2
The only reason I wanted to learn more about Quantum Physics is because I was listening to Dr Tysons podcast where he mentioned quantum entanglement and that Einstein didnt think it was a thing calling it spooky action at a distance. Now my brain is a contradiction in terms, in that Im Mathematically challenged (seriously algebra might as well be sandscript) but I understand calculus (Ive never found anyone that explain this to me lol). So when Dr Tyson was explaining Quantum entanglement I got the concept but I needed more info (like trying to understand how an engine works by looking at the fuel fill and exhaust pipe). And I know Im just some guy but after reading everything I could get my hands on (that wasnt written for PHD candidates) it dawned on me that this might be our ticket to the stars. My physics teacher in HS said that the only natural force that humans cant manipulate is Gravity and wed have to be able to manipulate it if we ever want to explore other solar systems. But (excuse my ignorance) if we can figure out how to manipulate quantum entanglement we would have the means to sidestep the cosmic speed limit	1
?learning ancient history	2
Also Everytime This Legend Is A God At Cubing	1
I am not totally sure about whether or not I want to be a Data Scientist. The interest towards learning has been kind of gradual for me. But for now I can say that my inclination is more on the side of Data cleaning, Data modelling and Data visualisation. I might probably end up somewhere close to being a Data Analyst, Can't imagine beyond that for now. Checked for all points that you mentioned. Bang on. Except for the last one - Marketing one's own work. I am someone who believes strongly in my work speaking for myself rather than otherwise. Have been trying hard to change this mindset of mine. Might take a while but will get to it definitely. Thanks for this informative one. Helped me clear my mind about certain things. See you on the next livestream.	1
You did well explaining mate, no idea what theyre talking about	1
????	2
Congrats to the musicians, but also to the artist that made the image: that city looks wonderful!	2
"The whole fight was like a movie. All his life's hardships led to that moment, father's murder, migrating to a roughest part of a different country, getting in trouble growing up, 3 years of harassment ( 3 peice and soda), almost losing that title shot opportunity on the last round against Diaz, fighting the main boss in Usman, the commentators being 100% sure that he'll lose, his coaches screaming ""don't feel sorry for yourself"", down to the final round, everyone sure he is not winning it, and.........??boom??headshot. The whole arena cheered and  blew the roof off. What a story!!!"	0
I'm a mortgage broker. He's completely right. Except the local monopoly thing can be done with a really good book of business. Sure you can compete but you can't steal my referrals which supply all the business. Offering a Lower price is a poor tactic unless it's purely how to learn how to run the business	1
I'm Native American, Apache and my great grandma born in 1899 would tell me of what her parents, grandparents, aunties, uncles etc.,would tell her and what she remembered of the old West. Amazing stuff !!!	2
"Me trying in Window just like him 1 st time 


My balance goes cube RIP ????????????"	0
The polygon token has lost its utility since it will no longer be used for gas fees. Can you tell us why you're still buliish on it?	0
9:19 is the funniest scene ever, Jimmys eyes makes five times better	2
"""Sticks and Stones"" is great from beginning to end! If you haven't seen it you should jump on Netflix tonight ??"	2
Hi Max, This is great stuff for any beginner in data science. Do you have any videos/tips on probability and logistic regression that are easy to understand as well? thanks!	2
i request for the csv file for linear regression for practice.	1
"""One Hundred Years of Solitude""  I finished  on the second try. 
  I could  see  unfortunate   Latin America ,  all in  despair and confusion,  invaded by foreign powers.
 Tony Morrison's Beloved I read   long long time ago  and  I found  its  Korean  version too difficult to properly understand.    I enjoyed  Murakami Haruki  books  too.
I  used to dream  a lot, almost every night..  Each dream  that I  had  was  exactly   how  true  magical  realism   was.
I saw  no reason ever to bother to  read   magical realism  novels..????"	1
Thanks Mosh! Your channel has quickly accelerated my career towards a position of Data Scientist. Currently employed with a major global employer as a Data Analyst and interviewing next week for a Data Scientist position. Thank you for all that you do!	2
Perfect timing. Im having a hard day, anxious and just overall sad. Lots of stress as of recent, just seeing your contagious smile the moment I clicked on YouTube made me feel better before even watching the video. Youre so appreciated Jocie. Thank you.	2
Fighting 8.5% inflation (more like 35%) with a 1% Fed funds interest rate is like stopping a forest fire with a bucket of water. Folks prepare accordingly. Make investment in other not to depend on the government for funds	1
Even though it took me a whole lot of practicing to achieve, I am so glad to inform you that I can now solve the cubes without the video. Thanks to you??	2
On the Stanford channel I obsessively watched all of Susskind's lectures.	2
I love how he even explains assumed or common mistakes. We cant even ask him face to face but its like he read our minds and hes explaining things I wouldnt understand in real life. Thank you so much!	2
It was so satisfying hearing Jane almost crying. The fact that she randomly brought in race to the conversation, says a lot of her character.	2
I wonder if this is only for market price? Or does it include limit buys?	1
The amount of work he put into this bypassing and helping me upgrade my grades is unbelivable, this is a true masterpiece  ??...	2
I lost it when the police started laughing and homeboy had to get up	0
"*39:28*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
"Dutch makeup tutorial:
_50% of what she says consists of beauty products having English names._"	1
its really great to see Canelo fight over the years and progress as a fighter. Enjoy him while you can fellas, boxing is in great hands.	2
Exactly what I was looking for. Thank you.	2
I'm stoked for F4 casting. And while yes it's 2 years away, it was also announced in 2019, so they've had 3 years to cast it. And I'm willing to bet they had it cast before Watts left the project. And they may have them cast early so they can pop up in another film before their solo outing. It would make sense for them to show up in Quantumania.	2
"Imagine someone in a costume walking up to you and saying ""do you want to compete in a bowl of cereal for 10k"" ??"	1
10:30 - 11:15 is the life changing quote for me. Trying to be a perfectionist at everything and eventually procrastinating is the thing that I'm doing over these years. Thank you ??	2
Is jga me agr Pakistan hota to kya vo apni logo ko punish krta.. Nhi krta ulta vo apni officer ko shabashi deta.. ????	1
That's awesome man, I wish you the best of luck for your games, Im still young but I really wanna be a game designer when I'll be older, so watching that kind of videos gives me more hope to achieve what I want.	2
In the platform game, what if the guy asked the other people to go to the corner of the edge of the platform and reach their hand out so he can grab it. Since there's only a small opening in the center, they wouldn't be able to do it, and the distance seems to be close enough for this to work.	1
This guy's pretty wholesome, good job on bringing him back	2
Nikhil had so much energy and was actually trying the food. Makes me want to travel to India just for the McD's food.	2
5:40 Another advantage of two's complement is that addition, subtraction, and multiplication on it are simpler. You just do the same as with unsigned values. One way to explain that is using modular arithmetic: unless you use long arithmetic, numbers are computed modulo 2 to the power of the number of bits in an integer, and the numbers that the same bit string represents in unsigned types and in two's complement are equivalent	2
Fajny odcinek	1
I'm trying to hold onto hope and positivity for New York State, but every year it gets harder and harder!	0
"?? Learn More: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKp3X-578hN9G7-vPjRya5j0U4dJIhwFI
?? Table of Contents ??  
?? (0:00)     Modern Physics: A review of introductory physics
?? (1:06:15)  Modern Physics: The basics of special relativity
?? (1:48:44)  Modern Physics: The lorentz transformation
?? (2:45:13)  Modern Physics: The Muon as test of special relativity
?? (3:21:11)  Modern Physics: The droppler effect
?? (04:10:53) Modern Physics: The addition of velocities
?? (04:32:33) Modern Physics: Momemtum and mass in special relativity
?? (5:19:58)  Modern Physics: The general theory of relativity
?? (06:36:27) Modern Physics: Head and Matter
?? (07:23:46) Modern Physics: The blackbody spectrum and photoelectric effect
?? (08:17:56) Modern Physics: X-rays and compton effects
?? (08:51:50) Modern Physics: Matter as waves
?? (09:40:44) Modern Physics: The schroedinger wave eqation
?? (10:30:07) Modern Physics: The bohr model of the atom"	1
"""No-one has ever changed the world by doing what the world has told them to do."" Powerful words, I live by that."	1
that tactical one just hits home man like its crazy	1
holy guacamole that was amazing. easily one of the best documentaries I've ever seen. PLEASE do more about chrss history. It's what the chess community needs to realize this game isn't just Magnus and supercomputers finding the best moves, but actual styles of play and players that for so long determined the game	2
Mad respect to John Oliver and his team for not making us watch ads during the show. Major props.	2
"I always wonder: ""How does this man get access to their lights?"""	0
"-Eres un dolo --amd.releasemovie.Uno-- siempre en mi corazn-
hermosa, amor, elecciones, culturales. 


Son unos de los mejores conciertos.


10:10 Hopi:  amd.mediafire.Uno
Sweeter 
11:12 Sun:  
Hotter 
00:18 Joonie:  
Cooler 
18:00 Yoongy:  
Butter 
23:21 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ma?as no se la"	1
Watching this is making my nose run like I'm eating it ????	0
Good job	2
I am so jazzed that the bronze age is getting more attention these days. When I was growing up it was completely glossed over in media and they skipped immediately to Alexander and to Rome, but the period of civilization before the bronze age collapse is larger than the period of time that followed and it shouldn't be disregarded as just some primitive footnote in history.	1
Sympa l'offre pour les joueurs autre que sony pour s'abonner  votre magazine.....	1
Me who doesn't watching the tutorial also me who watches something else	1
Not happy about the live wallpaper removal but hope that the dynamic wallpaper has room for growth and more will come with that. So far Im enjoying the ios 16 beta.  Its buggy thats for sure but its still a good update.  Using on both a XR and 12  both run pretty smooth. Little hiccups here and there but nothing major.	2
"I disagree. Console exclusives is what separates the companies and hardware apart. If exclusive games are a thing of the past then their is no need for a PlayStation, Xbox or Switch. Everyone will become a PC gamer. 

In a perfect world Sony, Microsoft & Nintendo will join forces and Sony will engineer the hardware with Microsofts wallet and ambition for higher specs and Nintendos passion for innovation. Unfortunately, we dont live in such a world."	1
This is great! I like how you didnt follow a recipe but you gave us a formula for it. Very helpful!! ??	2
Incredibly video. This was really helpful. Mosh's tutorials are always so neatly arranged and skips unnecessary contents. Thank u very much for this and hope to see more tutorials. ??	2
This is an amazing smooth intro to a relatively complicated topic. The QR codes are a smart move. Hoping to see more videos on similar topics. Thank you both.	2
I forgot to say! I wait about a minute or two and then my coffee gets ?? ??	2
This is such a seemingly small thing, but I love that there are so many indoor summer scenes. I relate to those a lot more than being out in the sun all the time.  ??	2
"Physicist in mathematician's class: _Makes fun of physicists' lack of rigor_

Mathematician in physicist's class: _Makes fun of physicists' lack of rigor_"	1
He thought it would take him 3 days to take over all of Ukraine. It's been 6 months, and he barely took a small part of the East and South - and even there, Ukraine from time to time take some sections back. Ukraine deserves most of the credit - they have proven themselves not just brave and tenacious, but also skilled, capable. The West deserves the rest of the credit. Putin actually managed to unite us...	1
One day... one day I'd love to watch one of these pokemon presents and have a new shadow pokemon game be revealed.	2
*To reach your potential, you need to start doing.* Investing remains the smartest way to prepare for the unexpected. Been in the space for 7yrs and extremely pleased with the decision I made. The good news is  its not too late	2
Throughout my life I always viewed math as something negative and sucked at it. However, during freshman year of college I decided that computer science it is and started out taking basic math classes (pre-algebra). Currently I am taking Precalculus and will go up to Calc 2. What made me get to where I am is the mindset.	1
I love all the interactions and laughs with everyone in this video. Personally I think J picked the best tech??	2
Love these short videos that get straight to the point thanks man	2
i was DYING LAUGHING at all the background noise! even then, i loved your reaction to it. honestly it wasnt even that bad :)	2
Buying a minority stake will change nothing for the fans,the Glazers will still have the power to milk the club for all its worth while investing nothing back,the stadium,training facilities and most importantly squad are all need of a huge makeover and only a new controlling owner can do that.	1
???? , ???? ???? ??????? ??? ??????? ???? ?? ??? ????? ??? ?? ????? ??? ????? ?? ?? ??? ???? ?? ??? ?????? ?? ???? ?????	1
We are just so blessed to be living in a time where theres so much Marvel content Im a huge fan man! Been watching for a while now! Im very grateful for the shows, movies & everything the MCU has brought us! Thanks for keeping us in the loop as always! Youre the ??	2
"Future wife?! We're going to have a ""how to have a productive bachelor party/wedding"" series soon ????So true that social threats get us all wound up. Viewing things as an experiment takes off a lot of pressure because you're focusing more on the process than the end result. I like that mental board of advisors thinking. Great video, Ali ??"	2
Please keep these amazing episodes coming. Brian Greene is so good at bringing everything and everyone together to present these amazing theories to all. Compelling with stellar production. More please.	2
Would love to see weighted questions on tests like these.	2
Alireza Firouzja is my compatriot.  he is of Iranian origin but has French citizenship and plays for the French flag. Although Firouzcha is a very good chess player, but  he does not give Iranians any practice. I learn a lot from you and your tutorials. Thank you very much for that??????	2
Id really like to know who recorded the Black Knight 13.000 years ago	1
"My dad always said, ""Until everyone is free, we are all slaves.""  Powerful words."	1
"The humor, logic, and writing of Nerd Explains is just top tier. Easily the best of the ""How to beat"" youtube posters."	2
"2:44 Introduction to Data Science
9:55 Data Analysis at Walmart
13:20 What is Data Science?
14:39 Who is a Data Scientist?
16:50 Data Science Skill Set
21:51 Data Science Job Roles
26:58 Data Life Cycle
30:25 Statistics & Probability
34:31 Categories of Data
34:50 Qualitative Data
36:09 Quantitative Data
39:11 What is Statistics?
41:32 Basic Terminologies in Statistics
42:50 Sampling Techniques

   45:31 Random Sampling
   46:20 Systematic Sampling
   46:50 Stratified Sampling
47:54 Types of Statistics
50:38 Descriptive Statistics
55:52 Measures of Spread
   55:56 Range 
   56:44 Inter Quartile Range
   58:58 Variance
   59:36 Standard Deviation
1:14:25 Confusion Matrix
1:19:16 Probability
1:24:14 What is Probability?
1:27:13 Types of Events
1:27:58 Probability Distribution
1:28:15 Probability Density Function
1:30:02 Normal Distribution
1:30:51 Standard Deviation & Curve
1:31:19 Central Limit Theorem
1:33:12 Types of Probablity
   1:33:34 Marginal Probablity 
   1:34:06 Joint Probablity 
   1:34:58 Conditional Probablity 
1:35:56 Use-Case
1:39:46 Bayes Theorem
1:45:44 Inferential Statistics
1:56:40 Hypothesis Testing
2:00:34 Basics of Machine Learning
2:01:41 Need for Machine Learning 
2:07:03 What is Machine Learning?
2:09:21 Machine Learning Definitions
2:!1:48 Machine Learning Process
2:18:31 Supervised Learning Algorithm
2:19:54 What is Regression?
2:21:23 Linear vs Logistic Regression
2:33:51 Linear Regression
2:25:27 Where is Linear Regression used?
2:27:11 Understanding Linear Regression
2:37:00 What is R-Square?
2:46:35 Logistic Regression
2:51:22 Logistic Regression Curve
2:53:02 Logistic Regression Equation
2:56:21 Logistic Regression Use-Cases
2:58:23 Demo
3:00:57 Implement Logistic Regression
   3:02:33 Import Libraries
   3:05:28 Analyzing Data
   3:11:52 Data Wrangling
   3:23:54 Train & Test Data
   3:20:44 Implement Logistic Regression
3:31:04 SUV Data Analysis
3:38:44 Decision Trees
3:39:50 What is Classification?
3:42:27 Types of Classification
   3:42:27 Decision Tree
   3:43:51 Random Forest
   3:45:06 Naive Bayes
   3:47:12 KNN
3:49:02 What is Decision Tree?
3:55:15 Decision Tree Terminologies
3:56:51 CART Algorithm
3:58:50 Entropy
4:00:15 What is Entropy?
4:23:52 Random Forest
4:27:29 Types of Classifier
4:31:17 Why Random Forest?
4:39:14 What is Random Forest?
4:51:26 How Random Forest Works?
4:51:36 Random Forest Algorithm
5:04:23 K Nearest Neighbour
5:05:33 What is KNN Algorithm?
5:08:50 KNN Algorithm Working
5:14:55 kNN Example
5:24:30 What is Naive Bayes?
5:25:13 Bayes Theorem
5:27:48 Bayes Theorem  Proof
5:29:43 Naive Bayes Working
5:39:06 Types of Naive Bayes
5:53:37 Support Vector Machine
5:57:40 What is SVM?
5:59:46 How does SVM work?
6:03:00 Introduction to Non-Linear SVM
6:04:48 SVM Example
6:06:12 Unsupervised Learning Algorithms - KMeans
6:06:18 What is Unsupervised Learning?
6:06:45 Unsupervised Learning: Process Flow
6:07:17 What is Clustering?
6:09:15 Types of Clustering
6:10:15 K-Means Clustering
6:10:40 K-Means Algorithm Working
6:16:17 K-Means Algorithm
6:19:16 Fuzzy C-Means Clustering  
6:21:22 Hierarchical Clustering
6:22:53 Association Clustering
6:24:57 Association Rule Mining
6:30:35 Apriori Algorithm
6:37:45 Apriori Demo
6:40:49 What is Reinforcement Learning?
6:42:48 Reinforcement Learning Process
6:51:10 Markov Decision Process
6:54:53 Understanding Q - Learning
7:13:12 Q-Learning Demo
7:25:34 The Bellman Equation
7:48:39 What is Deep Learning?
7:52:53 Why we need Artificial Neuron?
7:54:33 Perceptron Learning Algorithm
7:57:57 Activation Function
8:03:14 Single Layer Perceptron
8:04:04 What is Tensorflow?
8:07:25 Demo
8:21:03 What is a Computational Graph?
8:49:18 Limitations of Single Layer Perceptron
8:50:08 Multi-Layer Perceptron
8:51:24 What is Backpropagation?
8:52:26 Backpropagation Learning Algorithm
8:59:31 Multi-layer Perceptron Demo
9:01:23 Data Science Interview Questions"	1
Wow ????????	2
Let's appreciate how he is making us happy and suffering from those ODErs ????	2
I like how the cyclist immediately surrendered to the moose.	2
"I dont know yall, I really loved IMVU & the Sims as a kid. 
I literally found IMVU because I was looking to play a dress up game. 2nd Life was a HUGE game at the time, but it more for adults....
This is definitely going to take off. The real question is how will be balance our real reality?"	2
If you could limit your products to things that are available retail it would be awesome. Kickstarter and Indiegogo etc don't count, too many scams and failed products and no protections.	0
Was following the game live online, curious to see how your QGD panned out. I couldn't work out why the clocks weren't moving and the last few moves were missing - this explains it, thanks.	1
Thanks for watching, pls like video 4 more gta and I also need dip thanks	2
Holy shit this is one of the best asmr I've seen this year, the sounds are so realistic. Whatever you did with the sound settings and stuff you should keep it this way lol.	2
"If I had one wish  
Is not a question..

Can I have one wish? 
Is a question.

Ray you let him get you on that one!"	1
"The part where they're talking about the initial rollout of the SNES in North America hits home. They mention something about how expensive it was for the time, and how the state of the US economy in 1991 meant it was probably the only ""toy"" the average American parent could buy their kids that year. Took up the entire toy budget.

That happened to my family. Christmas 1991 and all my brothers and sisters are there, 4 of us ranging from 10 to 18 years old. My parents had a single present for the 4 of us, the Super Nintendo with Super Mario World.

It was one of the best gifts of all our lives, because we had all wanted the SNES badly. We literally played it all that Christmas Eve night and into Christmas day. It's a great family memory that we all still hold with us, now all in our 40's and 50's with families of our own."	1
man feels bad for Anish...hope he comes strong tomorrow... Also Hans is playing superb fighting games...	1
Dear Edureka! This is one of the finest videos I have seen that has really helped me prepare well for my campus placement process	2
Excellent work..! You are giving knowledge free to everyone.. You certainly accumulates lot of good karma.. may triple gem bless you for everything.. Keep it up..	2
Always good to hear your thoughtful and logical analysis. I don't care about bullish or bearish market. Trade a small percentage of your portfolio rather than going in and out every couple weeks trying to time the market trading went smooth for me as I was able to raise over 8.4 BTC when I started at 3 BTC in just few weeks implementing Richard and tips..	2
Jimmy always comes up with the most edited and well made reaction vids ever	2
I already know this is going to be hilarious ????	2
You don't get singled out by the DOJ unless there's a pretty firm belief of a crime	1
I managed to snag a MSI GF63 thin 10UC with a i5-10500h, RTX 3050, 16gb RAM, 144Hz display, and 512gb NVME storage for 570 euros.	1
A similar demonstration of the dropping magnet is a solid metal disk connected to a pivot so it swings through the jaws of a large powerful magnet. The metal disk is not attracted to the magnet, but when allowed to swing through the magnetic field its motion is slowed and almost stopped. If a series of closely spaced slots are cut into the disk and the experiment repeated, the disk swings through almost unhindered. The slots disrupt the currents needed to generate the opposing magnetic field.	1
 	1
Jimmy just puts out so much content its insane how hard he works	2
"In the whole, I was simply thinking of humanoid robots instead of the normal or general ones. 
Anyway, the interview was amazing and I got to have new perspective so thankyou ted for making this conversation and making us watch this amazing thing."	2
Wow. This feels like game changing research. New technology here we come. Material sciences are fascinating.	2
My friend is in the nationals of chess championships so he taught me chess but still this helped me a lot thanks	2
"Step 1: Embrace Mathematics.
Step 2 : Master Python & Computer Science Fundamentals.
Step 3 : Start Mathematical Modelling and Take up Projects.
Step 4 : Be Patient and Above all Dont loose hope."	2
"The only items redacted in the publicly available copy of the search warrant are the names of the FBI agents.  So why did DT later show his copy?  The only difference is that it shows the names.  The phrase ""aiding and abetting"" comes to mind."	1
The things this man has done for the world is incredible, he totally deserves his success	2
This was an amazingly tutorial ??, I've seen plenty that a great videos but not truly beginner friendly. This is helpful  and engageful and really providing the knowledge needed for a beginner	2
? ???~?	1
A lot of what he said in this video is correct. You ASVAB determines what MOS or military  occupational specialty you can go into. I was US Army 1986-1998. I like how there are movie references in the animation.	2
I am ready for September 7! Hopefully iOS 16 and watchOS now will come out on Monday the 12th. That would be a good release date. I find it funny that iPadOS will be delayed a month. That is very strange. It seems like Apple would just wait until stage manager got fixed and release it with a subsequent update like iPadOS 16.1 or 16.0.1.	2
Tengo miedo de que tampoco haya Direct en Septiembre.	1
Heres an extra tip: Place Netherrack in different spots in the ground of the nether portal to make it look like its spreading into the world.	1
"0:30
True.  In college I wrote a 25 page term paper and in error turned in the draft with a bunch of typos, grammer errors, run on sentences, spelling errors, etc.  The first couple paragraphs were fine so when it got retuned  it was graded 'A+' with a 'Good work' handwritten by the professor.  Obviously ( and luckily for me ) he didn't bother reading past the first sentence."	2
I've listed the links to all the free software mentioned in the video. I'll be updating it frequently with your recommendations as well. Make sure the check out the description for the full list.	1
"""Gnio! Gnio, gnio, gnio!"" ""Voc  um homem ou um rato?""
Hahaha gosto do seu humor, Rafa. Melhor canal de xadrez! ??"	2
Wow that is really cool ??	2
Loved the teeth-brushing trigger, you should definitely do more of it in the future! Great video :D <33	2
"How fast can the judge say ""motion denied""."	1
So sad I missed the whole stream. But this idea is so good lmao I burst out laughing everytime the chat is triggered ??	2
Robert Duval, tem meu respeito e admira??o eterna ??????????????????????????????????????????????	2
HI! I?m an international student. Do you think I have to take SAT and submit my test scores? How important is that for a class of 2028? Especially if I want to get into a good university.	1
As for me, an American citizen, I don't feel this has anything to do with political party, but everything to do with honesty, honor & integrity...You don't take what isn't yours ..I don't care if the president is a republican, democrat, independent...You don't take government documents home with you. It's called theft &  that's a crime..Anybody defending him is sicker than he is !! Shame on them ..	0
On the wireless phone charger, I could see installing it under the wood in your nightstands if you have the right kind of furniture for the job. Also, the Echo Dot stand is super cute! Definitely made me think of Portal Turrets too!  Definitely my favorite!	2
Fire Emblem became one of Nintendos larger series thanks to the 3DS. I dont really play Fates or SoV anymore but I still find myself revisiting Awakening, love that game. If you can step outside of your completionist mindset youd probably love it	2
?ng admin game naruto d?o ny th?y t ng??i ch?i nn cho thm one piece cho n vui :))	2
This lion @19:37 fully has a horn in its bicep and it's still trying to take a bite out of the buffalo. Savage.	1
Showroom end level ????	2
It was super satisfiying watching Tiffany do ElleCee's hair. I always see how beautiful her hair is and how much effort Tiffany puts in. Thankyou so much for this video, it was super helpful! ????	2
Magma blocks in the bottom of water makes you sink and you should use this to make the assassin army sink then slowly die to the magma blocks and the water in magma blocks can be almost inescapable for players	0
Thanks Sbuda for a great episode. Young people are the future of our country	2
"No idea how I've only just found you, but I'm so glad I did!
*plants
*salt lamp
*tingles
New subscriber here ?????"	2
ILet's take the moment to appreciate how much time and effort he put into these videos? It's unbelievable, and I think they deserve a lot more than that	2
Bounce is funny and duggy ??	2
Absolutely the best video on statistics that I have found on YouTube - and I've viewed several such videos. I like that the professor explains a topic from many angles, has charisma, patience with class questions and includes many real-world examples. It's the perfect blend of theory and applied statistics.	2
5:16:20	1
I dont know why, but the cop cheering for Papis home run always makes me laugh.	2
"""We judge young girls for what they are, but young boys for what they promise to be""
-Goethe"	1
Neutrinos are what got me into physics when I was 18 years old, and the more I learn about them the more fascinating they become!	2
This video kickstarted my journey in ML a year back. Trust me, back then I watched this video three times to finally understand. It might be challenging for few to get it but when you get it, it just feels amazing	2
"As a Tanzanian from the Chagga tribe myself, I am incredibly grateful for your generosity and how respectful you are of everyone's culture. 
Keep doing what you do ;)"	2
Let's appreciate how much effort and humor are in his videos! Hope 1M Soon	2
Jimmy and the guys are a great collection of entertainers that mesh together in a way that surpasses all others!	2
I know Im in the minority, but I love my 13 Mini, will be keeping that until it cant go anymore, or some huge leap in tech comes. Also, got a titanium Apple Watch 7 at launch and will be keeping that until we get a HUGE leap in battery tech.	2
"""(...) as long as people understand that this is not traditional
chefs have the creative freedom to do whatever they want.""
pitty so many prefer to gatekeep stuff and belittle others who merely do things differently
respect to Taka Sakaeda. what a lovely person"	2
"*19:30*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
"I cannot tell you how much I appreciate this video. Nowhere else I've seen someone ""telling it like it is"" in such a  concise way. THANK YOU! 
Subscribed to Luke's Channel following your recommendation as I also see data analysis as a stepping stone."	2
I'm dying at how enraptured people were at chris's pole dancing. Like legitimately blown away	2
Dont quit is definitely one of the biggest pieces of advice for people wanting to break into the field. Took me a year and a half of that horrible trial and error learning, quitting, starting again, and networking to finally land my DA role, and I dont regret a second of that journey.	2
I just cant explain how much I love this episode!  I started watching sml when I was 8 and last week was my birthday!  6 entire years of sml.  Thank you guys so much	2
1 wrong move and it's all gone.	0
"Building wealth involves developing good habits like regularly putting money away in intervals for solid investments. Financial management is a crucial topic that most tend to shy away from, and ends up haunting them in the near future. Putting our time and effort in activities and investments that will yield a profitable return in the future is what we should be aiming for. Success depends on the actions or steps you take to achieve it. ""You're not going to remember those expensive shoes you bought ten years ago, but you will remember every single morning when you look at your bank account that extra 0 in there. I promise, that's going to be way more fun to look at everyday"", I pray that anyone who reads this will be successful in life"	2
My teachers should be more like this Guy. Sometimes i wish teachers could separate their egos from their ability to teach	1
I had one as a pet when a kid.  Didn't realize I had a god in my fishtank.	1
Finally someone dubbed these movie with hope I will enjoy it through ????????????????????	2
For people who are still clueless: This was a to 100 posted by TSN, Toronto Sports Network	1
Love your honesty! I started a blog in college too (Roll Tide) but that was 2009! I was never really consistent until now! Your videos helped me realize how important consistency is ????	2
Thank you so much! Im currently studying for the SAT as well, and I really recommend the college panda books, including Erika Meltzers Critical reading for the reading section!	2
"She: draw a circle 
Me:  ok
My hand: how about an egg?"	1
If you going to charge R Kelly Make sure you charge the parents too	1
i hope everyone taking the august sat gets their target score	1
"""One of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something. He always respect us the audience and his team and he is always polite in all of his videos. We congratulate ourselves on this achievement. More to come and everything to come""""??"	2
I like how the first person was more threatening then the actual cops	1
The Truman Doctrine was part of a speech written to garner American support for fighting communist forces in Greece. There was worry that there would be minimal support for fighting in Greece, hence why the speech was so strong, but inevitably it worked a lot better than anyone had expected.	2
When you are still a student, go abroad for a student exchange. In addition to so many other life lessons, it will also teach you to live happily with no more stuff than can fit a suitcase. You will learn what you really need, and what is just extra.	2
Jerry, your videos are some of the most instructive on the internet. My top 3 favorite Youtubers are you, Gotham and Daniel Naroditsky. Gotham teaches you how to understand broad, overarching concepts like a master. Daniel teaches you how to understand the fine details like a master. And you teach us how to realize what master-level thinking even looks like. Seriously. I studied tactics and positional chess for years and couldn't advance past 1200. But your Beginner to GM series totally revolutionized the way I looked at the board. I gained more in the 2 years since I watched those videos than I did in my previous 5+ years of serious chess study.	2
"I take deep exception with the image of Ozzy Osborne being used as an example of celebrity not known for what they do. Ozzy is a veritable treasure and god of music. How dare you.
Right after the Kardashians, really... wtf"	0
Biology is one of those subjects, which needs to be taught visually to provide clear understanding.	1
I noticed when looking at my recent captures in the xbox series s that some of the screenshots on 4k games claim to be 4k or in some instance 4k hdr which I thought was interesting	2
Best laptop under 80k in Lenovo website with 16 gb ram	2
Very well curated!	2
You know you can just get rechargeable ones for Xbox i haver two and it's great some people Just like using batteries but every one different	2
i got a cool idea, maybe have space pirate raids on your ship, in order to keep track of them, you would need to use your ships cameras to see where they are heading, possibly trying to cut off specific parts of the ship with doors in order to allow you to get there in time to take them out (if there is combat), they could probably take a couple slots per chest if they get to it then retreat to their ship, maybe its always flying next to your ship while you are being raided. this could make flying through the world pretty dangerous as at any point pirates could come and raid you. maybe there could be a whole security system that enemies have to get passed, or maybe they could cut your power in half making you unable to escape until all are gone, it could really make the game incredibly fun.	1
"A BIG tip I have to give programmers is to avoid micro optimizations. As a coder it's generally very easy for me to sometimes fall into a pitfall of seeing a piece of my code and trying to optimize it into oblivion.

If you have fun, then power to you, coding is a hobby after all, but if you're just doing it to save those precious 2ms, it's not worth it by any means, you can do so much better stuff with your time than spending a couple hours optimizing a system for a negligible boost in efficiency."	1
Lumayan diksih jp 5.5juta tadi main modal 200ribu servernya lagi gacor bos, caranya ada di ytb ku ini yaa	1
The most significant question of our time: Is the president of the United States above the law?  How the DOJ answers that will determine if democracy fails in America.	0
After failing about 10 interviews, I was desperate and depressed. Yours were some of the last interview tips videos I watched out of countless ones. You make successful interviewing easy to digest, understand, but most importantly, PUT INTO ACTION! Thanks to you Ive officially broken into the accounting/finance industry!	2
"Like this comment if you think I have a career in opera. (Please don't)

Edit: everyone complaining about the 14, 16 and 18, see the video description."	0
"Whenever someone tried getting a review from Sir Christopher Lee about his service in the war, he had a clever way of dealing with it.

Sir Christopher Lee: ""Can you keep a secret?""

Journalist: ""Yes! Yes I can!""

Sir Christopher Lee: ""And so can I.""

And then he would politely excuse himself."	1
"1.Think in terms of experiment
2.Think in terms of expected value
3.Fear is your compass
4.Foundation of consistent action
5.Mental board of advisors"	1
Hell yeah! Let the multiverse saga begin and I cant wait to see daredevil, the fantastic four and all new heroes and villains in the MCU its gonna be marvelous	2
Great video!  I appreciate the honesty.  Did you start as an analyst before moving to a Data Scientist role?  What role would you recommend for recent grads?	2
This puts things to bed IMO, however the fact that Ratcliffe openly made this statement may prompt them into a potential sale. After all, sponsors and partners are starting to have cold feet and that would definitely push them out, especially if as expected our season goes pear shaped.	0
??????????? ???????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ???? ???????????????? ?????????????? ??????????????????? Necrosword ????????????????????? Symbiote ??? Knull ??????????????????????? ??	1
"I bought my series S on 21st jul 2022. its my first console ever and been almost a month since i got it. I absolutely love it. idk why i see people complaining about the resolution. I got it plugged in on my 4K 55"" TV and boy games look amazing. I have been playing Halo infinite, Forza horizon 5, FiFA 22, Hades, two point campus, Ori and the wisp, & turbo golf racing. and after all these games, i still have around 143 gb left. so no complaints about storage either. I am totally enjoying it.????"	2
"What should the next mix be titled? ????
Listen to on Spotify - https://sptfy.com/lofi-chill"	1
Thanks for the wyckoff analysis really great content man. A lot of things to learn from much love fam!	2
I remember going to a friends house and seeing these but the plastic version, and I thought they were real so I was there trying to bite through their plastic ice cubes while my friend just stared in shock.	0
I couldnt stop laughing at the absolute chaos halfway through. Soup you are an RP legend.	2
"sending the electron through a magnetic field doesn't seem like asking ""are you spin up or down"", but rather ""will you orient yourself up or down when subjected to this field"" - and it seems logical that the left-right alignment would be random after that since then you're asking ""will you orient yourself left of right when subjected to this orthogonal field"".

anyway, taking this sort of observer centric view probably often leads one to boltzmann brains and other rather useless hyper-simplified things"	0
Love this.. It really makes me hungry looking at those delicious dishes	2
Can we appreciate how he made 3 functional games in 7 days with one being vr	2
"I found this very interesting, and as someone with ADHD-I, I had a lot of hyperfocused thoughts about it.

It brought up so many points of interest. With in each of these is the fact that education was built upon the industrial revolution, ADHD is considered an epidemic of our time, and our factory type of education destroys or ability for divergent thinking. From the start of the industrial revolution the idea became that people should work in factories and large businesses. As time went on this idea continued but in a different way. By the 1920's there was a drive towards raising the standards of living. People were encouraged overtime to get out of the cities where they worked, and live in the suburbs in a house, get married and join a standard stereotype where the women stayed home to raise to raise their children and the men went to work hopefully using the education they gained to obtain this idealistic life style.

But like he said in the talk, this type of trend doesn't work anymore. Styles of life are so divergent and it's obvious that not everyone can get a high paying job resulting from higher education and all women aren't going to be stay at home mom's and many can't. Actually during the 60's many women questioned their identities and blamed their education for giving them delusions of using their education later in life. And as we see today many people are educated for a different experience than the one they will actually be living.

As for ADHD it most certainly exists but is caught up in the confusion of our factory like education and the experience of being a distracted average child. I believe ADHD is both a cause and symptom of behavior, but not always both. Take your eyes for example. You get your eyes tested at a young age because your having trouble seeing clearly, so you get prescription lenses. You now wear these lenses for the rest of your life and often have to upgrade to a stronger prescription. And no one asks why.

No one asks why are you like this, how did it happen. Or if they do they say your genetically predisposed to it. Yes and no. You can be genetically predisposed to be more likely to develop many types of conditions, but it depends on the right or wrong conditions being met. Becoming near sighted or far sighted for instance is determined on three factors. Your nutrition, your genetics and your life style. Actually  some people have totally reversed their bad eye sight, by changing their diet and their habits. For instance a child who stays inside all day, watching TV and playing videogames for hours, refuses to eat his vegetables and who's parents or relatives have had glasses, may develope near sightedness.

So in relation a child who has been mentally watching TV and playing videogames all day, not spending any time practicing how to use their creativity, exploring their real world, developing interests in things that are natural and not directly stimulating, interacting socially with others around them, making constant decisions, based on logic, real feelings, and experiences, and most importantly practicing natural real motivation skills, in combination with poor nutrition and specific genetics will very likely not develope mentally in the healthiest manner. And it doesn't just go for ADHD. This could be a cause for any mental disability or difficulty. In varying degrees of course. But it is believed that behavior (in any form) is partially learned and partially developed. And by developed I mean the way your brain developed. How your nutrition and your experience shaped the way your brain works.

Going back to education you can see why this factory mind set can't work for everyone. As well as when you compair the standard disaplines of our modern education with the arts, you find contradiction. Most people don't understand the arts. Most people wonder how the arts became so chaotic to the point it doesn't make sense anymore. Truth is that area of education evolved, but only by those who pursue it, would understand. A big part of the confusion is this idea of perfection that envelopes the academic world. The A grade is the pinacle of that idea.  Do perfectly in your education and you get an A. 

Well this doesn't really work in the art world. You still get graded when you do your work and do it well, but school is for practicing the academics. In art you study academics as well, like art history, art Theory, and your use of a medium like drawing or painting. What you don't get graded on is on the things that can't be measured, like your idea, your creativity, and the value of your work. Though in some cases your graded on how well you show a specific idea or use a specific skill. But when it comes right down to it, art isn't about any of this or it can be about all of it. It can be about how others value your work, it can be about how divergent your work seems to be, it can be about how well your work matches a subject, it can be about how well you use methods of design, it can be about what kind of thoughts or feeling it brings up in people, and it can be about how it compairs and is judged among a group of people who hold a specific adjenda or opinion in matters that are or are not artistic or intrinsic (AKA art competition or auction). So in a way it is chaotic to the point people can't make sense of it any more, but it is not inherently measurable and perfected.

It is the product of ideas. And ideas are valued above all else. And yet in education art is set in a lower bar of importance in all its forms, and is confused with this idea of perfection and conformaty."	2
I guess Mumei forgor about the last time she googled tossing salad, after Gura kept saying it because she mistook it as tossing cookies.	0
I entertained so much. Nice movie ??	2
It wasn't until I left school that I discovered how interesting learning can be - including what in school I found tedious.	2
If Orwell could see the world today....	1
Com uma companhia como voc ao lado, com certeza o voo seria mais fcil ?? perfeita como sempre ????	2
*C O O L !! ?? ?? I want to put my hand through the screen then grab all this delicacy!!^^*	2
"""I can't Even imagine what the poor warthog had gone through"" 

The air, Mr narrator...the air"	0
Thank you so much! Very clear and neat explanation! I hope you will continue diving deeper into detailed concepts rather than concentrating only on basics. Your way of explanation plus the details would be the great video for all I think!	2
You are my Hero! Love from Chicago ??	2
I feel like the biggest sell for Splatoon 3 is the timing. With the switch being as old as it is now, most people have a switch in their home. So for kids this is a big buy, especially if you haven't played it yet, but all your friends are playing it. I haven't played in a few years and I'm really excited. Just to chill, enjoy all it has to offer along with the community surrounding it. It's a lot easier to sell this game to a Japanese audience as well because of all the marketing and promotional events after the game comes out. As well as the IRL concerts with their in game idols.	2
Data science is definitely not dying and for the fact it's only scaling much bigger. Companies have started seeing the advantage of using data and data science and organisations are adopting data which is in fact create more demand for data experts ??.	2
"I really, really loved the movie. I wish it had taken a more serious turn, because I agree with the villains perspective and it would have been amazing to see him as a more developed character. 

However, the movie was hilarious and Ive needed a good laugh. I had a really good time and I think, in the end, thats what matters to me."	2
Here's what I got from this: This man is a very good lawyer, and still believes in THE law. It was no mistake that he mentioned TWICE that he would never do anything unethical, and he would tell the threats and other bullcrap to stop. What he didn't say, was that we all know both of those things go very against Trump's MO. He is a very wise lawyer not to get mixed up in Trump.	1
This was an unbelievable help. I had to write a 10 page literature review in approximately 24 hours because like any good grad student, I procrastinated. What I saw as a daunting task was quickly made easier after watching this video. I broke down 10 different peer reviewed journal articles into their own segments, then combined them. Added an intro and a conclusion and voila I was over 10 pages. I might make it through grad school after all.	2
What a jokelets just keep raising taxes, and signing these ridiculous bills	0
          :3	1
this happens regularly that they release patches.	1
Levon hangs mate in 1, and also loses in 10 moves. He definitely adheres to the philosophy of never let them know your next move!	1
I couldn't stop smiling throughout the entire video and my heart just glowed with an aura of golden love! Thank you so much for making our day brighter by showing all these adorable little darlings. If I could, I'd adopt one of each. I hope that we humans will                                                                                                                                                                                                  work together to save all these species and treat them with love. I am so grateful that I was blessed with 7 kitties and one dog throughout my life, they were truly a gift from God! Many good wishes to you and all viewers.	2
hi there. This was a great video that has told me exactly what i need to know. Could you recommend some groups/communities that accept someone with no experience at all. I have a physical version of my game and i know the rules inside and out. I have learnt how to draw digitally and am transferring the art into a format that can be used in the game i want to make and a community that is welcoming and that gives feedback/advie would be awesome.	2
LOL very impressive that you can make a video about interview questions so fun to watch ?? ??	2
How amazing to hear a 101 years old grandpa speak with such sanity and good memory.i hope hes still alive the story needs to be passed to every generation to come .	2
Let's appreciate how much work preston puts into these vids	2
Can i just say that N3ON is a savage rn	0
Every overnight success was 10 years in the making. But because few build in public, people mistake the highlight reel for the start.	1
Beating Thompson-Herah, Fraser-Pryce and Jackson in a single race is massive; for any team, on any stage.	2
I dont care how old this song is I will forever love it	2
The way you conduct lessons are awesome	2
2:13 that poor kid still being scared even tho the shark is dead	0
There is a big mistake in this. The dazzle camouflage doesn't work to hide the zebra in the grass, it's designed to make it difficult to judge distance to a target. So when the lion goes to attack the zebra he might pounce too soon, and when he is in the chase he will find it difficult when to strike out with his claws. The same thing was used against submarines.	0
That's actually a really good use, clever.	2
I really love your channel, it has helped me understand what DS really is. I am an incoming freshmen and will be pursuing DS!! This seems hard right now but as the years go this will all make sense. Keep up the good work.	2
Magnus  has become so good... hes just trying random things  ?? god level	2
One of the most beautiful and amazing tracks I've heard. It really got my thinking and working. Beautiful, great great job.	2
If updates only fixed security flaws then updates would be a good thing with no downside consequences. But that's rarely, if ever, the case. Updates can change the appearance, features and smooth operation of applications,  and even slow down your phone.	1
"Someone:
You can't scramble a 1x1
Me: ??"	1
While Everyone is Appreciating Greek God........let's take a moment to appreciate Saif as well, This Man is definition of diverse roles, from playing funny goofy college guys to playing Intense roles like Sartaj, Udaybhan ( in tanhaji) and Vikram, he proved that atleast one major Khan in industry works in realistic cinema as well. he also have maintained his physique and look at such age...... definitely deserves appreciation	2
"0:50 was very imotional the ""!"" was perfect *_*"	2
You know this song gonna be ?????? when Takeoff starts it	2
#BBBY is still on Reg-Sho List !!! T+13 would be september 2nd - then BOOOOOOOOM	1
Unlike most CS introductions, Crash Course does a great job in giving the student context, explaining how computers function at a fundamental level before applying layers of abstraction. Very well done --  As a Sophomore ComputerSci major, I'm excited to see more enriching content every week(:	2
Aapke video se to bahut achcha lag raha hai ki bahut acche product aap Bata rahe ho bahut hi achcha mujhe lag raha hai aapka video Abhi dekh karke main is video ko pura watch karunga thank u so Mach bhaiya aap ISI tarah ke video banaen aur aap bahut aage badhe ????-???? dhanyvad	1
"Anna and her ""It's Castlemania!!"" had me at the edge of my seat cheering. Lovely to have someone so supportive and excited for you in your corner"	2
I love your videos! I had one quibble about your SQL solution to #1. If some publishers have more videos than others, then their video durations will affect the mean. You could imagine one publisher with 10,000 videos and 9 publishers with 10 videos. In this case, the average duration of that one super-publisher's videos will have way more influence on the mean than the other publishers. I think your question is better answered by first computing an average for each publisher and then averaging those averages. (of course, this detail may not matter in an interview)	2
You know you are fair an unbiased when a company throws a tantrum because you were being honest.	1
Calling Kotaku a reliable source is like calling Twitter users intelligent.	1
"8:47 I like the way Sundar says ""iPhones"" and carefully manoeuvre to ""our products work across everything"". That's what I love about Google. Universal adaptability."	2
"Honestly I think Google, Apple, Amazon, and Facebook should really ramp up there cloud system for games. And lure game developers to release games on there cloud.
Stadia could have done better."	2
You're awesome. Thank you for making biology more accessible	2
Wie fandet ihr die OPENING NIGHT LIVE?	1
This video was helpful! I'm currently a UX Researcher and have my feet in both qualitative and quantitative research, where the quantitative requires a lot of data analysis. I enjoy diving into data, but wasn't sure which route I should take for my particular job to build out more of a niche in a Quant UX Researcher role. Now I feel like I know more of what I want to dive into further and want to focus more on the Data Analysis route.	2
There is so much thought process and hard work put in by the content creators! We need this kind of content more so that students feel more confident learning newer things! I have become a huge fan of the channel...hats off to you guys! Keep doing this great work!	2
Missing my daughter who lives in another city. Lit a bowl and sitting on the porch looking at the golden hills around my home listening to these beats.	1
Dude, thank you so much for providing this information for free on YouTube. I'm not a biology student ( amateur ), nor do I have anything to do with it, career wise, but I just like to have knowledge, and I watch your videos multiple times, and I still do. It's people like you and Sal khan from khan academy, that make this world a better place. I can learn anything I want, without going broke! Lol thanks once again.	2
The monsterous power of the bishop pair demonstrated with elegant moves and amazing game ????	2
I feel you on the cost of the pro series controller. I have one of the series 1 pro controllers (which I bought used) and frankly I was disappointed that after I had been using it a while the rubber on the sides began to warp and peel. I had to buy third party replacement parts to swap out the little plates right there, because Xbox doesn't offer their own replacement parts, which I find kinda lame considering the rubber warping was a fairly common issue. To be honest I would prefer if they had an option to buy it with the plastic plates rather than the rubber ones cause that issue isn't going to go away after using the controller for an extended amount of time. The paddles are nice and all, but I can buy like 3 games for the cost or I can buy a third party controller from S.C.R.U.B. for less and get the same functionality out of it. But hey, to each their own. What I would really love is the ability to make a custom pro controller in their design lab. I would pay extra for that, but as it stands right now, I'll stick with my standard series X controller ??	0
"Never in my life did I think eating a fruit would be a gamble
*Never in my life did I know this fruit even existed*"	0
I really, REALLY hope this gets backlash. Those devs deserved to be at least credited.	1
''Yesterday is history , tomorrow is a mystery and today is a gift... thats why they call it the present.'' -Master Oogway	2
Back in the day when u was little but didn't know what the song meant but u knew the lyrics ????	1
Interessant, dass der Begriff ?H?chstgericht schlichtweg ignoriert wird. Nicht nur von ihm, sondern auch von den ?VP-Juristen. Das ist bedenklich.	1
"Thanks for this wonderful lecture video on DS with Python for beginners. I and going through it , learning form it and loving it :).
I've one doubt though. When I am trying to write a multiline string, the output is not exactly in multiline. Its in the following way: ' This is line 1.\n        This is line 2.\n        This is last and final line, line 3'
Please assist."	2
It's nice to observe the wild animals fighting each other ????????	2
Fair criticisms on both sides, however online chess played while 6ft away from your opponent is just ridiculous	0
He smiles every time he eats he just knows that were watching him eat good food while were suffering	2
As a person who is still in school, knows no coding language other than html and css, very interested in game design, favourite game being Sea of Thieves. Just, mind-blowing	2
"There's a game where you can roleplay as the monsters the game is called ""accurate rainbow friends roleplay"" have fun playing it"	2
I'm finally going to try splatoon since there's a free trial and looking forward to harvestella. There are so many games I want coming out in September too. I'm looking forward to ooblets, Disney dreamlight valley, lemoncake, wyldeflowers, potion permit, and hokko life so far.	2
How can it be the Russians shelling it when it hasn't been shelled for months?	0
Ti?sto is incredible. Please never leave us without your incredible music	2
2:00:43 ??????????????	1
I must say, this was the best pirate documentary I have ever seen.  Well done, Sir.  WELL done.??	2
i really loved the ending! accepting one's mistakes without hesitations is a true winner of all winners ??	2
?????? ????? ??????? ?????????  ???????.????	1
One of the fish in the goldfish section isnt even a goldfish! It is a cichlid hybrid called a parrot fish.	1
Respect for the staff who just let Chandler walk into the staff area??	2
I hope you know this video came at the perfect time for me. Ive been teaching myself quantum chemistry from a physical chemistry textbook recently and i was using your channel to understand blackbody radiation haha. Glad to see a new video from you man! You always put in an insane amount of time into these	2
"TIME STAMPS 

0:00-0:10~ intro
0:11-2:10~ analyzing + combing h(air)
2:11-2:38~ discussing what to do w/ h(air)
2:40-4:05~ doing h(air) treatment
4:06-4:24~ clipping h(air) back
4:25-9:09~cutting/combing h(air) (no talking)"	1
Actually underrated	0
Leon has done the uk proud. All the hurdles hes had in his career. All the doubters and to silence everyone and beat the p4p number 1 was great to see ??????????????	2
the guy who decided to start CERN really wanted to bring his wife and son back ??	1
"The people who say ""computer science isn't for everyone"" is missing the point. It is not about whether you like the subject or not. In his whole talk, he is saying computer science is as *necessary* as math/biology/physics etc. We do not learn these subjects because it is fun in school. We learn them because it helps us to operate and appreciate the world better.

Just like how math helps us to understand the purchases we make, the loans we take and the value of the item we pay for, a basic understanding of computer science helps us understand how the internet works, how gadgets communicate, how these technologies can impact our lives. Do not wait for the next Cambridge Analytica saga and pretend to be interested in technology."	1
I love u remix like me pls	2
Eth will be a dump on everyone. Its already priced it. Once it climbs they will cash out. Then repeat.	0
He is so knowledgeable, makes it look easy. We need more videos from him!	2
Me result tan inspirador conocerte, Hayd! Me estoy amigando con las matemticas para poder profundizar ms en estos temas :)	2
I learn more here than in my actual lectures at uni. this is great. also i love videos because you can pause and go back if you need to	2
"Great video! 
Could you do a video on how to get into the Ivy League universities as an international student?"	2
Oi Sccoby	1
"""Perfection is the enemy of process""
Hope this quote makes sense, I didn't think too much before typing it"	1
That one legged goalie is teaching us more than any other video on Youtube	2
"Who will go here to enjoy the food and claim the FREE DRINK?

Thanks for watching! Please also follow my Youtube channel to see great food pictures: 
https://www.instagram.com/rockstareater/"	2
FYI,we also have Garlic Breadsticks, Stuffed Garlic Bread,Cheese Dominator(1 pound of mozzarella cheese melted on the pizza),5 cheese pizza(1 out of those 4 cheeses is a Ghost Pepper flavoured cheese),Paratha Pizza,Red Velvet Lava Cake and Butterscotch Mousse Cake,which is the most heavenly thing available on the whole Domino's menu but it's also true that these items are region specific that's why it is there in Kolkata,West Bengal but not in Bangalore	2
OMG, I wish I could visit there one day ??????	2
"*Can we just take a moment to appreciate how much time and effort he put into these videos?*
 It's unbelievable, and I think they deserve a lot more than that  ?? ??"	2
I agree about Splatoon 2 being nostalgic even though I've only been playing since March 2022. When u beat the game it feels so good too hear fresh start by the squid sisters	2
"Why Not Try Skillshare Totally Free For One Month?
?  https://skillshare.eqcm.net/rnP465"	1
Hands down Gabriella is one of, if not, the best tour guide in Mark's channel! She knows everything not just about the food but also the city of San Sebastian!	2
even after all these years he's the most enjoyable chef to watch	2
Pragg is becoming my favorite chess player. Still love Chucky's games but pragg is putting in that work and making magic happen on the board.	2
"?Admiro sus videos Jimmy


?Saludos desde Mxico!"	1
Wow!! The chicken burger looked so Amazing!! You always make such wonderful meals!!??????????	2
Imagine a random cube in the subway being that easy to turn.	1
Love the background! Your whispers are always very soothing	2
We had a blast shooting this series! What KFC exclusive do you want the most?	2
"Hii cookie thank you so much for this good vid!!!!!
But what do i do if it is ""not supported in my country""???"	2
"Inventor: ""I feel bad, so we could either A) I'll pay for therapy and some extra money to help him recover. Or B) we can organize an elaborate death game that will require a whole bunch of set pieces, actors, and effects to traumatize him a different way.""

Wife: ""I like B, let's do B."""	0
"I'm happy to say I'm a proud member of the ""googles everything lia says not to google club"""	2
"""Let the chess speak for itself"" - Hans Choke Niemann, 2022"	1
Well done	2
Cash less india ???????? ????? ?????????, chargelu ?????? ?? ???......	1
"Linus: ""This is not a table.""
Also Linus: Let's use this as a chair!"	1
This is really a very clear presentation of what really goes with a data science project from the very beginning. However, things do not happen very easily. There are a lot of challenges that you have to deal with. In data cleaning alone, the time that you use can be overwhelming.	0
This may be the best YouTube tutorial ever. Making the process of learning this entertaining is fantastic. I had to go about it in the same way, and I *wish* there had been a video like this years ago... Sending this to my son. Thanks!	2
What a wonderfull tutorial!! well done and well explained. Thanks a lot dude for the sharing of this expensive knowledge.	2
I don't think I've ever seen such a stark difference in selection and quality on a Food Wars ep before lol	1
I love Dave Chappelle for getting the real truth out there with comedy.	2
"Get Early Access to Videos and be the first to comment ? http://bit.ly/BestEverPatreon ?
Follow on Instagram for more fun food videos! @BestEverFoodReviewShow"	2
Im a new subscriber, loved the video its so relaxing & tingly ????????	2
<Always good to hear your thoughtful and logical analysis. That small rally was a fake out! we are entering a crab market. I don't care about bearish market. Trade a small percentage of your portfolio rather than going in and out every couple weeks trying to time the market  trading went smooth for me implementing *WTRADE INSPECTS* daily trading signals and tips..	2
I love her because her reactions are so genuine and she seems like a really sweet person to be around	2
Check out even more from Thor! >> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgEYV2s8Pg4	2
Sabendo que  ele mesmo compra e faz as comidas,deve ficar muuuiiito melhor ??????????????????????????????	2
This video is so good you guys!	2
Bit coin is a ponzie scam	0
Republicans wouldn't have a chance in the house if it represented the people like it is supposed to. Gerrymandering has destroyed the house.	0
This why I love you. Had a long work week. Thank you. I'm hollering	2
Yet another look into Mattys ever-expanding shoe collection ??. I love the videos man, they always make my night infinitely better ??	2
"Therapist: the white thing in blue rubik's cube was never exist, they can't hurt you
The white thing:"	1
Thank you for this video. Youre the first person to point out that Bruce has childhood trauma in his past and Jen doesnt.	2
I really love watching your challenges ????	2
I love this series, the experts are not judgemental and very professional.	2
Heres our revisit review of Lego Star Wars with patch 1.0.7 - hopefully this helps anyone looking for latest information on the Nintendo Switch version through our All Patched Up format! Mark	2
I switched years ago from fashion to reupholstery. So glad I get to reduce, reuse, upcycle. Last of a dying breed. 2% of the world do what we still do.	2
I remember my mom had this as her ringtone & her phone was ringing in church ???????????? memories! 2019??	2
"Teacher: I wrote the answers for the test on the board 


Chandler: *fails somehow*"	0
Alles sehr sch?n. Aber zuerst zusammen die Nummern 10 und 1. Eine verwohn.online Brnette und eine andereq Blondine. Es w?re unfair, wenn ich 4 w?hlen wrde	1
Mikhail tal vs olafsson 1959 candidates please make a video on this game sir	1
Armenia could have used that aid to fight against Azerbaijan during the 2020 Karabakh war.	1
I tried these tips and many other interview questions that you taught i was offered a job the same day thank you so much you are life saver I have been unemployed for a long time and after 8 unsuccessful interviews my 9th interview was successful and landed me my first job thanks to you.. God bless you ????	2
"This is so great for making these valuable ressources completely free to us. 

Would you consider uploading courses for civil engineering department?
Thank you ????"	2
"Excellent practical course for someone who knows only the very minimal basics, if that. Well modulated and articulated.  Designed for adult self learners. Easy to follow and it is a  plus that you did not use ""techie' language.  Your presentation style made it easy to follow without distractions. Real life examples are a plus.  Application of knowledge always enhances learning. Looking forward to your next course."	2
What other movie scenes shall we react to? (see if you can find scenes from your favourite movies, hopefully less then 10 mins long) just send us the names or links below ????	2
Excelente cancin.. me gusta mucho.. disfruto cada cancin de mi querido DJ Ti?sto ??	2
had a rough day and hearing hello mortals made me geniuely happy. thanks you majestic science robot	2
This episode is so funny! I love the script and how you delivered it. Giving me binge express vibes. Keep it up	2
Seeing biological ideas combine so flawlessly in this video is so fascinating, I don't know how to explain the feeling this video gave but the complexity and the connections are displayed in such a magnificent way, far better than my textbook, that I feel reinvigorated to learn biology once again with ferver	2
"""Forget about the evidence"", said no innocent individual ever. More importantly, his denial of Democracy and proper Judicial Process is unfathomable."	0
This guys definetly a genius.	2
I'm taking the sat this saturday Aug 27th and I didn't study anything wish me luck guys I'll need it!	2
"Wow youtube channel is too good ??
 ??"	2
I was searching Google earth to see what random things I could find and I found so many ...beaches in Antarctica, random block shapes that are definitely not natural covering a lot of little islands , so much has been altered and covered up it makes you wonder what is actually going on on where we live .	0
I disagree, I have never been able to find the deeper meaning in literature. However, I have always enjoyed when people discuss the symbolism and meaning behind parts of books that I took at face value. Videos like this give me another way to think about what I am reading, and they help me find the deeper meanings of a text when I read it. 	2
me after watching this video: grandmasters, i'm coming for you	1
Thanks<, for the update I always appreciate the insight. <I'm really blown away by the fact that having watched your videos for so long, I had the same opinion that you are putting forth in this video. <In as much I would like to add to what you have said here the market is in a tug of war with the bull at one side and the bears at the other end. If this is really a bear market rally then Bitcoin is not done going down, just like stocks are not done going down. And if this isnt a bear market rally and the Fed achieves a soft landing, Bitcoin will probably rally substantially from where it is now, but we just have to wait and see.  My hope is that by the fourth quarter, the economy will be slowing enough that the Fed says we are going to pause, and then you will see the next crypto cycle start. I have witnessed the last 3 cycles and just before each bull run the amount of bear posts and negativity around crypto is just like it is now. Bitcoin is entering the area of where a bottom will be formed IMO. Please note this could take months and there will likely be further volatility in both directions. Despite the volatility that has ruled the market this year, being a retail trader in the crypto market and implementing strategies/signals from Eddie Crypto a professional broker/tradr that has been my mentor, I have accumulated 12' btc! in profits although the rates are capricious wiping out some of my profits, people who are open to learning from history, will survive Its not that difficult. You can reach out to Mr Eddie on <?eI???m his personal handle is  @Edcrypto8 or What'sapp?18053284321?..	2
Love how you can tell shes grateful that she can eat these yummy meals (^>^)	2
"Lies of P in Gamepass ??

Callisto Protocol looks amazing. Im really looking forward to what Gamepass is bringing for the rest of the year.

Edit: Atomic Heart is still set to release at the end of the year. Another great looking Gamepass game day one"	2
I dont think they could fit enough snacks in my coffin for me to survive 50 hours	0
"Aiming for 750+ on reading????????Check out supertutorTV.com/superseminar for our 2hr pop up class w/ Brooke!

Learn fast ?with Brooke:
https://supertutortv.com/crashcourse/ 2 hour LIVE SAT Crash Course!

Work on your Common App Essay/Personal Statements w/ Brooke ??https://supertutortv.com/essay
??Save $10 off our group essay class when you use code ESSAY10; No price adjustments on previous purchases. Offer ends August 27, 2022, 11:59 pm Pacific time. Sale only valid on Essay Course."	2
I have watched Vikram vedha on youtube in Hindi last year. I don't think, Saif can beat R. Madhwan in acting. R Madhwan surprised us in the end as he looks innocent throughout the whole movie. But Saif doesn't look innocent at all throughout the trailer. R Madhwan's smile was enough to make Vikram vedha a thriller movie.	2
"ML reminds me Big Data's hype few years ago, some senior software engineers were scared of being overtaken by junior if they did not learn it, so they wanted to ""train"" themselves puting an Hadoop stack in every single projects they were working on, until they eventually understood it was not the holy grail of data processing. It just allows to solve some problems (and not all) in a more efficient way than other methods.

I think people in tech industry should all learn what  ML is, what it can do, hardware requierments and what gains it can provide, so  they can know if they really need it. Then, maybe, they should learn it in depth, but first search if there is an existing product that meet their requierements.

I learnt how to make, train and use neural networks 20 years ago as part of my academical training. Did I make NN since then ? No. Did I have used libs or services relying on NN ? Yes, quite often. That's quite a different thing."	1
I can't understand why some areas look genuinely breathtaking, then others are just floating disjoined rails and walls. I don't understand how there's such a massive difference!	0
"Incroyable la chance ??
Surtout le 27 ao?t je suis pas dispo pour le splatfest ??
H?te d'tre le 9 septembre.
La team G&k en force sur splatoon 3 ??
Go les 2 M
Team ciseaux ??, le perso raie est incroyable"	1
"As a person who very rarely plays console and hasn't owned one for over 3 years, I can very much relate to not knowing where the buttons are. My friends are all going ""Ok! Now just press RT then LT then A and go left."" And I'm there constantly checking where the buttons are ""Right.. Top... Left... Top... A.. and ... LEFT."""	0
You could give him a revolver, that shoots but in a limited range (similar to the sword's range) Cool video btw	2
Wow! That was pretty brilliant information. Also the way you deliver is simply awesome. Thanks a lot for sharing	2
"*Which country is everybody listening from? ??*
*Hit the ?? to join the notification squad!*"	1
Keerthy is a decent actress.i saw her many movies she took decent role how many of U accept this	2
I know the optimal algorithm for a graph with two nodes.	1
That childbirth scene was gruesome. The screams affected me just as much as Shireens burning at the stake.??	0
em hng anh Viruss mun ch?t lun ? chi ????????ms nhn th?y video ny l nh?y d? li?n ko th? ch? ?c. hng t?p 6 t?i nay lun nhe!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
lol great video icy, you never fail to make me laugh	2
You know seeing Chris with no hat is so weird ??	0
Congratulations Nintendo, you did it.  You added what should have been there in the first place.	2
Misleading title :  more about transition from hunting and gathering to herding and agriculture, increase from small scale fishing to industrial scale, some mention of fish farming and aquaculture . Nothing about how people learned to cook their food.	0
"A few of these are applicable to xbox one and have been for a couple of years especially the google/alexa voice control and the app based functions.

I didn't know about programming universal remotes to your xbox thats cool"	2
I love everything you do Jimmy, you always find a way to surprise us	2
The TNT in the minecart didn't explode	1
Thank you! I used this video when I started cubing now Im down to 11 seconds as my best time with AT LEAST a year of practice. I now average about 19 seconds and love speed solving!	2
I agree with you on the storage front. They should have bumped it up and really put usb c. Theres not reason to wait the iPads have usb c	1
This is not just a teaser, it's a heartfelt tribute to Chadwick Boseman	2
Imagine a quantum particle thing version of this. Where once you put those in you can solve the shape into a cube again	1
CANT WAIT TO PKAY THIS ON MY SERIES S AHHHHHH!!!!	2
This is amazing! *I love documentaries and Chess. And they came together on my birthday.* Lucky me ????????	2
I thought you said you could control blue in the game rainbow friends I've heard of of the game where you can play as blue I've actually played it before	1
Who does not have any principle is Nitish .	0
I< appreciate the content you put out on YouTube. I enjoy watching your videos.  I respect you for applying your experience and knowledge into an investment decision and putting your neck on the line by making it public. You may be right on this trade, but if you are right, you better also short the US market as well. Because if the Chinese market collapses, it will pull down the US market with it! Thanks Buddy. Previously Bitcoin has been fluctuating between the $20K and $25K price marks. Billions of dollars have been wiped off due to the crash in its price, particularly in the last four weeks. The loss has become the primary cause of several firms liquidation issues in the crypto industry. I think the direction is upward movement, with a bit of silence before the storm, agree it's boring for the past few days. a good strategy for hoddler'ss moving forward would be to buy now, and not get too excited to sell off with the upturn, the rise will surprise everyone. As for traders, you make money anyways, in both directions so just befriend the trend and use marketspotter to make informed decisions. If youre a modern investor then your main aim I guess would be to take home profits for yourself and family especially during times like this when reading the charts are extremely difficult due to its chronic volatility. Well good-news you dont have to worry about how this will come about just commit your investments with Mrs. Robin Moore and the rest will be a good history of profits for you. I have been able to day trade my bitcoin to atop 17.03 BTC with 5.07 BTC with her trade signal despite the state of the market. Her trade signal yield a lot of dividend only if you are paying attention to her instructions. The good thing of this strategy is that whatever happens we have an opportunity to make some money trading with it not minding the sideways in the crypto market. For Help/Guidance on building/investing/financial portfolio. ?eI???m@  moorerobin ..	2
"Editor: How much fake do you want?
Physics: Yes."	1
"I wasn't there, and I'm not a marine biologist, but the possible ""megalodon"" at 9:00 is clearly a whale shark."	1
I was at the live stream and I loved how everybody blamed doni lmao	2
Thanks to sir because he teach lessons about biology and its pretty good because i incoming freshman this years Bs Biology. This is Helpful to all students like me.	2
"Update comment: Im one month into my new career as a data analyst at a large charter school company (over 20 analysts on our team). I just wanted to come back here and say thank you! I focused on positions within education (changing from a 14 year career as a math teacher) and landed a position within a month of starting my job search.

SQL and Excel are used a lot! My advice to anyone starting out is to get comfortable with those two programs (especially Inner Joins with SQL and PivotTables with Excel)."	2
"R C Waldun: Has a great understanding of literature and is a reader veteran therefore has good knoledge of vocabulary
Also R. C. Waldun: the thinky thinky"	2
"Thank you for sharing your experience with these consoles and not ""fan boying"". Speaking your truth will help alot of people who are on a budget. People constantly spread the narrative of digital games are horrible but why when the majority of the world doesn't but movies or music. I'm all for digital downloads and will only purchase physical games if it's attached to a special edition that I'm truly a fan of"	2
Fully agree with you regarding that scene where Vedha (Hrithik) is smiling devilishly while spraying bullets! People have the habit of complaining ... and most of the people who are complaining, they have not even watched the Original VV. And yes, Hrithik did not copy Amitabh, and similarly here, he did not copy the Great VS!	0
"Imagine a pot-luck between all the MCU super-heroes families.
The kvetching would be epic."	2
Leave them alone, I absolutely agree. Another example of the Federal Government F ing things up.	0
@3:50:00 awkward...the interview is happening with the sponsor just when the Carlsen-Aronian game has the champion sac a queen.  LOL hard to cut away from the sponsor when that happens.  Murphy's law in action.	0
"My favorite part is when just2good, stepped on a lego morbius set and said, ""Its reviewing time!"""	2
"What do you think? Are we getting CLOSER to a price range you could see yourself grabbing something like this?

Use Code ""BEATEMUPS"" to get $5 off for your first #Sakuraco box through this link: https://team.sakura.co/beatemups-SC2208 and #TokyoTreat box through this link: https://team.tokyotreat.com/beatemups-TT2208"	1
Watch new episodes of Historys Greatest Mysteries: Solved, a History digital series, here: https://histv.co/HGMS	1
@Fairy Char ASMR - Thanks for continually uploading on a consistent daily basis!  You rock, and I always rest really wonderfully, your voice is so smooth and calming. ??????	2
Only one?	1
"Are YOU gonna wait for these redesigned iPads later this fall? Comment below!
If you're gonna buy ANY iPad right now, it should be THIS one ? https://geni.us/TXIr
Like our wallpapers? Download them here ? https://bit.ly/2WNc6Qw
Links to the new iPad on Amazon ?
NEW iPad Air 5 ? https://geni.us/VkjK
M1 iPad Pro 11"" (SALE) ? https://geni.us/NFJkL2
10.2"" Budget iPad 9 ? https://geni.us/ibx9Oq
iPad Mini 6 ? https://geni.us/wtvqOy"	1
Thank you for this helpful video. It is well-presented and visually clear.	2
OMG, just loved hanging out with you guys in this video. It really reminded me of the time some friends and I used to go game hunting in S?o Paulo... like, about 20 years ago. Thanks for bringing those sweet memories back. I would definitely LOVE more videos like this one. ??????	2
Nigerians never dissapoints, im proud to be a Nigerian	2
Thank you very much ??	2
"Her: if you have a month left you can study for like 3 hrs everyday
Me: uh... My SATs are literally in less than 2 days"	1
Thanks for this mix i rlly love it keep up the good work	2
I just wanted to say your videos have gotten me through half of my chem class so far! The only test I did bad on was the one where I had to memorize polyatomic ions, just couldn't remember them all. I sincerely appreciate you putting your knowledge on this youtube channel, I found you back a few months ago when I first started my class because I was so frustrated and went to youtube and I happened to find you. I don't understand why teachers don't explain things the way you do, you show us every step while other teachers skip steps and go way too fast. It makes me feel better about myself, because I failed chem class in high school, but have to take it in college to become a Nurse. You're beyond helpful and are impacting students in so many ways!! ill keep using as many of your videos as I can as i make my way through my chem class, you're amazing!!	2
DZ Dobol B	1
Thoroughly enjoying these videos of northern Pakistan as a Tibetan. It's incredible to see people from a similar landscape, background, and region, it's unfortunate I cannot visit my motherland Tibet, but I am vicariously living through your videos. Interesting fact, yak is the national animal of the Tibet. Keep the videos coming!	2
Please make a video on pre college ec for CS high-schoolers like projects and competitive programming?	1
"Time stamps:
0:00 intro
0:34 head structure
5:16 eyes
7:53 noses
10:02 lips
11:35 eyebrows
12:45 shading
13:34 examples"	1
As A Spurs Fan: Congrats Fulham and I Hope You Play Another Priemer league Next Season To Survive	2
When you as an employee are fired from a company and the reasons they are giving you are poor performance, or lack of culture fit, trust me when I tell you the real reasons are not disclosed. Been there, done that. Companies lie, HR works for the company and also lies, and a corporation hierarchy matters. When you lawyer up is when they start taking you a bit more seriously.	0
You can always tell when someone enjoys their job.  He is so enthusiastic and knowledgeable about dinosaurs.  What a great series.	2
"If im thinking correctly, ever since they opened the backrooms, random ""holes"" have been appearing around the world, this kid and the car driver happend to stumble upon them."	1
I love how they made Groot even more cute now back to being Baby Groot	2
"Question was Tom Emmer an activer user of Tornado cash, why would he get involved in this issue!
 Read between the lines folks something is smelly here."	0
Ich bin noch unentschlossen, entweder das iPhone 14 Max oder das Pro Max, werde die Keynote abwarten ??????	1
N?o existe asmr melhor do que os da Naty??	2
This song is pretty good i like it ????	2
Those of us who had Security Clearances while serving in the military know how 'truly serious' the mishandling and appropriation of Classified materials is.	0
The dark tower book series was awesome. It tied together a lot of loose ends from The Stand, It, and many other Stephen King novels. Just too bad the movie wasn't that great.	2
Rewatching this and watching Rich Strike the whole way knowing whats about to happen and hearing the announcers reaction I got chills up and down my spine. What an unbelievable race!	2
The Trial was the most relatable novel Ive ever read.  That feeling that the world is just against you and you dont know why but yet you feel like you deserve it because you couldnt live up to the standard expectations.	2
As a fellow immigrant to Korea who's now living in Vietnam, I have to agree with these judgments, especially how Lotteria chefs took a quick look at a burger and tried to recreate it off sight alone. The only thing I'd add is that the mozzarella sticks at Lotteria are the best I've had from any restaurant over here.	2
"Hell yeah!!!

Can't wait for Gamescom!"	2
Appreciate the love everyone and thank you Monstercat! ????	2
you have taught me more in 53 minutes than my physics teacher has taught me in a year. thank you.	2
Great video like always ??	2
this just shows how good youtube can be for teaching, several one hour long lessons compressed into a single video for everyone to watch for free no matter where you are	2
After a really bad day at work this is the perfect way to relax and unwind! Thank you Ed!!	2
The watermelon jello looks so delicious ??	2
???? ??? ???? ????? ????? ???? ?????? ?? ???	1
you always motivate me to cube faster and your videos are so entertaining. Keep up the good work!	2
This looks pretty fun, only big let down is it seems to only go up to two players in local splitscreen.	2
I relly like this channel because the music is so good and gives the vibe an mood in free time	2
"Hello All,
We are happy to announce that Oneneuron subscription will be available for  lifetime if you take up the course before Jan 15th 2022. In this subscription u will get 100+ courses along many services such as course request, module request and many more. So utilize this opportunity and share with all your friends and family members.Happy Learning!!
Use coupon code KRISH10 to get additional 10% discount

Please share with all your friends and utilise this golden opportunity
Enroll Now 
OneNeuron Link: https://one-neuron.ineuron.ai/


Direct call to our Team incase of any queries 
8788503778
6260726925
9538303385
8660034247"	2
The game is looking great! Really interesting challenge too. Since you drew I suggest a rematch to find a true winner.	2
"Despite being a brilliant mathematician, Nobel laureate physicist, worldly acclaimed academic,  I love how willing Sir Roger is to say ""I don't know"""	2
Your collection has been growing so much year after year. Its amazing.	2
We don't look for old songs, we look for the feelings and memories they carry??	1
"30:54 The numbers on the screen that were climbing was G-Force (G stands for gravity). 2 G's is 2x gravity. 7 G's is 7x gravity, etc. He pulled over 10 G's which means at that one particular moment he weighed 10x his body weight. The same goes for the aircraft. What he was saying to maverick was that he ""put so much stress on the aircraft that it bent the frame itself"" making it un-airworthy since you would have to replace everything anyway."	1
The dedication required to make this video is insane	1
Backroom Hunter is BACK!!!!!	2
Liked this video less than 60 seconds in. Great energy and content!	2
20:37 s podia ser o Iniesta pra mudar a histria hajahajahaja	1
Great step by step and so detailed.?MUCHO FLOWWW??, killing the game.?????	2
Bro I just learned that the college Im planning on attending next year also has Japanese courses, which I've wanted to do since middle school. Combining that with game development could lead me to working for a Japanese developer like FromSoftware!	2
The person who came up with all the fish puns seriously deserves a raise.	1
Really humorous and inspiring. Great stuff!	2
"I'm from India ???? love ur vids ....... 
But I really miss anum ???? in this video!!!"	2
What a delicious meal to watch on a Saturday night ???? everything looks very good ??	2
"Hello, YouTubers. The World Science Festival is looking for enthusiastic translation ambassadors for its YouTube translation project. To get started, all you need is a Google account.

Check out Quantum Biology: The Hidden Nature of Nature to see how the process works: http://www.youtube.com/timedtext_video?v=ADiql3FG5is&ref=share

To create your translation, just type along with the video and save when done.
Check out the full list of programs that you can contribute to here:?http://www.youtube.com/timedtext_cs_panel?c=UCShHFwKyhcDo3g7hr4f1R8A&tab=2?

The World Science Festival strives to cultivate a general public that's informed and awed by science.?Thanks to your contributions, we can continue to share the wonder of scientific discoveries with the world."	2
Super helpful! Im not exaggerating if I said this one of the most valuable videos about SAT on YouTube. Thanks a lot! Wish me luck for Decembers SAT :)	2
Subscribe and i'll give you a car	1
Lol the Emerald girl is soo funny??	2
Omg Kass is gonna have a bump?? its gonna be  so exiting watching you go the journey of your pregnancy!?? wishing you the best!	2
*Starting early is the best way of getting ahead to build wealth, investing remains a priority. The stock market has plenty of opportunities to earn a decent payouts, with the right skills and proper understanding of how the market works.*	2
I< think the difference in this instance is that analysts are stating that we are heading for a DEPRESSION! so this changes everything in the grand scheme of things when talking about possible new ATHs. Great points in your video. I agree and suspect it may be too convenient to think BTC is perfectly correlated to S&P/Nasdaq and Altcoins to BTC. Refreshing to hear reasonable market analysis that takes a bigger picture perspective. So many people are squabbling over timing the exact bottom. That short-term thinking is such a rookie mistake. By dollar cost averaging and holding for several years, it takes the guesswork out. Next bull runs it won't be a huge deal if we bought at 21k or 17k. What will matter is that we are accumulating while the price is relatively low. I'm really holding on for this possible low point reentry, I screwed up some time back & I need this lower point to get back in, Ive small cash on the sideline I don't like that but I refuse to FOMO in. Our younger investors are scared, they're concerned about what they should do because a lot of them have not been through this before. My advice to them is this, go all out into trading. Trading is where the bucks are been made. I see the stock market, housing values going down, and crypto going up. Traditional markets are getting recked. The new economy is crypto, not fiat. People want truth, not corruption, contracts not monetary easing. Venturing into crypto trading investment has been a turning point for me with the help and tutoring from my investment Advisor Mr.Kyle Miller. With his guides and the trade signal, I use in trading, I have moved from having 5.8 BTC to atop 17.3 BTC in a short period of time. Invest today and trade your crypto assets with the best tutor trader. ?eI???m KyleMiller3 for more info or mentorship on how to invest trade and earn with his top-notch trade signal	2
Carrie Ann, I want to thank you for bringing so much enthusiasm to the topic. This is exciting stuff, but it can be shown in a very static and boring way, and you don't do that.	2
Viva Ucrania. Dale una buena dosis de su propia medicina a la rapi?a rusa. Sin piedad al agresor ruso.????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????	1
Crypto and other markets have some rough roads ahead, but as Albert Einstein once said Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.  We will get through it!	2
Get $300 and start running workloads for free  http://goo.gle/3o9l8Dc	1
As a junior almost halfway through my year I'm quite surprised that I never thought hard about taking this test. I never focused on what I need or when I will. This really makes me realize how it's a new, complete thing to work hard on and I'm scared but thankful to see this video	2
mowing one was wholesome at least he got a laugh out of the host	2
"??? ????..?? ??????!!~ ??????
??? ?? ????? ?? ??"	1
I discovered this project literally a few hours ago, and now just minutes ago you upload a video discussing launch! I have missed so much, but Im very much looking forward to release!	2
Ya lo conozco pero igual est muy bien para novatos (?-)	1
I worked as a high school teacher for thirty years. Over the years it gradually dawned on me that the many educational theories, which were forced on us were based on absolutely nothing but unproven theory. Learning style was just one of many. Nearly every year a new style or theory would be introduced. Nobody ever rigorously challenged these theories (presented as facts) demanding evidence and proof. Ever. Yet if you did not adapt your teaching to incorporate these unproven styles you would be judged to be a failing teacher. So you had no choice. At least whilst being observed!! I became quite cynical in the end because I realised the new methods were invented and then promoted by people just trying to further their career with something for their CV. And each method would last a year or two before going out of fashion and being replaced by a new one. God forbid anyone would actually just leave the teachers to use their own experience, education and intelligence.	0
Hey just wondering did you use the default sessions for the multiplayer or some other plugin would be handy to know because the default sessions i think are only lan and loopback and ive tried that steam plugin but that doesn't work out great. also good video!	0
thank you so much mann for going through all the sat sample papers solving each of them nd thus finding the hardest questions for us so that we can improve ourselves nd score the best. your efforts were so muh helpful for us. You really deserve a lot of applause and attention ????????	2
"Educational institutions usually leads to an enrichment of ideas and a chance to gain an upper hand in terms of either gaining higher degrees or being more effective in your current job. Though there is inequality in terms of learning acquisition (neighborhood, preconceptions of people, and income) which affects HOW much of the education will actually be grasped by the pupil (student). Its fascinating seeing how societies construct various institutions for the given populace to work around in. Loved the references you used as well!

- James"	2
What's the best way to make money from crypto investing?	1
We have to start having a conversation for Trapo in the top 10 of drill/trap all time. The run hes been on in the last year is an all timer bmt	1
Imagine all the friends and family who went missing without a trace ended up in the Backrooms.	0
I usually skip anything to do with slavery because as a black man its exhausting. But this was so well done and factual I watched the entire thing. The fact its done by a white male is even more satisfying because no one can claim bias or prejudice. This was enjoyable and much appreciated. Thank you	2
"""He lost me at, ""It makes us look like extremist Democrats."" Why the hell can these people NOT respond to a direct question about their behavior without trying to deflect to Democrats?""(I agree with Ms. Claire""  WHAT IS HE TALKING ABOUT!?!? If a Democrat was doing what Trump was doing WHAT WOULD HE SAY AND DO!?!? TAKE SOME BLOODY RESPONSIBILITY!!!"	0
?? feeling kinda good for being in CBSE board	2
Hope that dude gets into the college he wants, his parents should be so proud	2
These games look insane can't wait to play some of them great list by the way	2
"Meanwhile how many seconds you can solve a green Rubik's cube:
1- seconds."	1
I can't wait to be able to watch this for bedtime later!!! Thanks Char for all you do!????	2
Protect this man at all cost #freeOLA	1
This sweet spot between control theory and machine learning definitely interests me, especially applied to astrodynamical systems. Please, continue making these videos, Professor Brunton!	2
I missed Chandler. Glad to see him back in Beast reacts.	2
Boosie needs his own talk show/ podcast!	1
This was a phenomenally moderated session. Serious kudos to John.	2
I did extremely well on the SAT. I went to a great college where I met my current lovely wife. Soon I reached my PhD in physics. I got a job as a professor at Harvard university, and at around 37 years and of age I had my first child, a gorgeous baby girl. Later on I earned my most prized achievement, the Nobel Prize, for figuring out how to manifest the theoretical push of gravity into an accessible fuel source. Boy, how I love Sims...	2
I love the fact that he's so respectful and willing to be open minded on others cultures ?????	2
Great platform for auto crypto arbitrage, but I think the speed in which btc is deposited to the  coswift account can be increase.	2
If kevin was my brother .... Bruh we throwing hands at least 2 times a day ??	1
Does anybody wonder how long it takes for them to make the different maps on Minecraft like the rainbow land?	1
The pure joy on olors face when she gets to put her face in the jelly is amazing ??	2
"Someone found a mouse in their subway sandwich

Lazar: *screams in pain and denial*"	0
I'll never forget visiting the Natural History section of the Smithsonian Institute as a kid with my parents back in the 60's (I'm 69 now, BTW). They had an exhibit there that would blow your mind! It consisted of a wall depicting human evolution where they had probably a hundred or so skulls in rows against a dark backdrop, I assume so the images would stand out better. It led the viewer visually from human's earliest known ancestors with authentic fossil skulls from the most primitive (e.g. Australopithicus) all the way to modern man (Homo sapiens). It was quite impressive and left the viewer with no doubt about human evolution. There it was - in terms of a tangible fossil record, expertly organized - right before the viewers eyes.  ?????	2
Hamza, I just wanted to say thank you, brother. I know this will probably be lost in the comments but from the bottom of my heart, you have given me the tools and strategies to save myself from taking my own life. 6 months ago I was in a very dark place and had just gotten out of an abusive relationship and had no will to live. I randomly stumbled upon your channel and have applied all of the tools, strategies and philosophies you teach since then. I truly would not be here without you, and I am so grateful for you. I now have a purpose and direction in my life, outside of the YouTube videos I watch like yours that have high ROI on my time, I am off social media completely. I'm 17 years old and I'm still at the very beginning of my manhood but to anyone reading this, it gets better. Happiness, peace and prosperity take time, hard work and a lot of effort. But it is so worth it. I am now leading those around me to this way of life and building up my brothers and community. I just today did my first cold approach and it went well. If anyone is struggling with mental health issues or feeling purposeless in life, put in more effort and combat life itself in every way you can, things will get better for you if you choose the difficult path that builds strong men.	2
Stebin Ben's voice is magnificent.	2
This video is so informative, thank you for taking the time to educate people about money. I will have to watch this again to understand fully all the content. A lot of content in one hour, very well done ?? thank you!	2
I disagree and here's what I think the real problem is....legitimate law firms with good reputations don't want to be remembered as the agency who represented Benedict Donald.	0
Bro the 9 year old is literally smarter than the whole twitter community.	1
"8:47
I mean, I like how they're going into the nuance of Black Adam. The anti-heroes in the DC and Marvel universes are as numerous as the heroes and villains."	2
Theory for the green lightning at the walls in the end: The lightning looks VERY similar to the vines where the entity was nesting, so to theorize, the backrooms creates nests for those who are about to die as you can hear the entity getting closer and closer as the green lightning generates.	1
I love how well you break this down into small, understandable bits.  Excellent work!!	2
After reaching a certain age her daughter will surely agree the facts told by lakshay just remember it :)	2
Very interesting quizzes! :)	2
I had so much fun filming this video! I love the final product. Thank you Wired!	2
"I've been an edtech consultant in Beijing for 7 years. I've also traveled to multiple provinces and smaller tier cities to evaluate and help schools. There are multiple compounding factors as to why education is so subpar yet expensive.

The first and foremost factor I would note is the lack of public discourse. This permeates through every part of society, especially education. If you are discouraged or not allowed to question things and people around you, you end up missing a fundamental piece of being a good learner: inquiry and reflection. In education, this comes in the strict form of rote knowledge. Even in history class there's no critical thinking or reflection involved, it just becomes a bunch of facts to remember. 

The second factor of note is barriers of information. The public does not have (easy) access to a lot of internationally recognized academic content, and even if they did get access, they wouldn't be able to recognize it. On top of that, there are many misconceptions about education which are exaggerated by big businesses such as VIPKids who outright lie to parents about standards and expectations. This causes market distortion, and other smaller business simply pick a recognizable brand name (E.G. Wonders) and say that's their curriculum without any plan how to implement it.

The third factor is incompetence born from lack of actionable knowledge. As stated in the first point, most of the population's education revolves around rote knowledge and discourages reflection. If you've been taught not to question things your whole life, how can you be expected to teach others with inquiry based experiences and methodologies?  How can you be expected to recognize or create effective content to support those learning experiences? The result usually ends up being copy pasting something they found online that looks good (or fishing consultants like me for free content).

The fourth factor is lack of foreign talent. There are not enough QUALIFIED teachers to meet demand. The general population would not be able to recognize one either. Many companies hire Russians, call them American, and slap a 200%+ markup on the course. It's up to the unqualified teacher to come up with the content, instruction, and meet the unrealistic expectations the ""decision makers"" (sales people) set for the parents.

The final factor is who the decision makers are. Who decides what ""national curriculum"" is? Starting in 2020, private schools have been forced to throw out foreign curriculum and adopt the ""national curriculum"". This top-down decision making only exasperates the situation. It also permeates throughout the society. I've been the unfortunate soul who has to coordinate curriculum development projects with the decision makers of these schools.  Most of these decision makers are unqualified, they're sales people at best.
I should also mention that many parents have no clue about education, yet influence the schools with their misconceptions...but this is not the parents' fault. Rather, it's the school's fault for not being professional enough to know how to manage expectations and implement a program.

As for price... it's simply about demand vs supply.  Lack of foreign talent as mentioned before, combined with a desperate middle class (and higher) trying to get their children in schools abroad at any cost. They will pay upwards of 200k RMB just to make it happen for their little Middle Schooler.

Unfortunately I exited the market, partially because the clients I had to deal with were frustratingly incompetent and unwilling to address problems...mostly because the government outright banned foreign curriculum."	0
"Me parece muy bien, ya que como vimos en el video de ""Que pasara si Bobi compra Minecraft"" nos menciona que Twitter es una de las redes sociales ms toxicas y me parece bien que nadie sea influenciado por nadie, as todos podemos tener nuestro voto personal, solo falta esperar a los mobs y mas jugadores para la minecraft live"	1
"Emil's perspective is a classic example of the fallacy of zero sum thinking, where shallow thinkers believe that when one side wins the other necessarily losses.  Of course, when it comes to things like chess, this kind of thinking is completely erroneous, and on the contrary when one side ""wins"" both sides win - what is good for one aspect of chess is (broadly speaking) good for chess as a whole.  We should be doing everything possible to broaden chess's appeal, garner additional exposure and grow its global popularity, and online chess obviously plays an enormous role in that process.  What is good for online chess is also good for OTB chess.  FIDE (and other large bureaucratic institutions) will hopefully eventually recognize and embrace this too."	1
If you want to know the truth about these artifacts and how awesome the ancient Israelites came to the USA before the time of Christ, read the four book series by Stephen M Collins about the Lost tribes of Israel. He spent over 10 years researching this issue and had access to an ancient private Library. They are worth reading.	2
I like the engraver but when I went to check price I found it was just a kickstarter.	1
I actually feel Nintendo should probably leave their next gen design choice at the Nintendo Switch level. It's the perfect system whether you want a home console, portable or both. They should just focus on upgrading hardware on each gen or giving it refreshes with better design implementations like joycons with pro controller sticks. I'd also like to see more things the Switch could be paired with ..like linking to discord and Spotify and having them run in the background.	2
"Great video!

It may be overwhelming for someone just starting out. But actually, you are not saying that we have to be expert on all of these, but mentioning important aspects of each. For example, the part of rules and the events in the game was great, and even though it seems obvious, i never thought about that. I don't make games myself though, but i find game making incredibly interesting, and difficult."	2
When I switched from the iPhone 7 to the Galaxy S lineup. My primary reason was the flexibility of the software but in particular the way it handled files of multiple types, its so practical to do things on Android that if you had an iPhone would be a hassle to do them and would make you want a Laptop or desktop for. That being said, I still own an iPad that I use a lot, and wouldnt exchange for any other tablet.	2
Which game are you most excited for this month, September or even October?! What games are you hoping to see announced?	2
"If all documents leaving the Oval Office were automatically declassified, then there should at least be a record of which documents were removed. Otherwise anyone could take anything out and it would be declassified with no notice.

But it?s just the same old game: First excuse, it falls apart, so second excuse. Also falls flat, so next excuse. Something is wrong, if you have to change your explanation again and again, cause they were proven wrong again and again."	0
Objectively, the Bongcloud opening must be the most horrendous of options. However, at the same time, it is Hikaru's trademark. Bongcloud is beyond good and evil.	0
Ccrypto is off helping to regulate<, rather than pretend it won't ever happen.  The big institutions getting in is the catalyst that will launch us into  the stratosphere.  Most people don't like change but after the change is made they grow used to it and it becomes a non issue usually because their fears never materialize. And benefits they were unaware with before turn out to be far more beneficial.  Few if any rug pulls.  The projects that initiated the process of regulation have not been ruined, they got involved in setting guidelines and helping the regulators understand the crypto space. Id get involved more knowing that I have made over 16` btc from day-trade with *WTRADE INSPECTS* in few weeks.	1
"I look forward to the facts of this coming out and then seeing Mccarthy backpedal his comment. Also McCarthy, ""preserve your documents"" where was this enthusiasm for the secret service deleted texts?"	1
The videos keeps getting better respect to the editor	2
I'm super late today Candy. Having one of those lazy days. Those hotdogs, tots and fries look amazing!!! I don't eat hotdogs anymore but that doesn't mean I don't miss them and crave them. Love the color red on you, and dark greens. Hair always looks so pretty and so shiny. Glad you're feeling better.	2
I like the ecosystem and operating system upgrades that are predictable. I tried android and it was too much of a circus, menus not intuitive. But, I agree Apple does not need to care. I have 4 unresolved case numbers regarding my Air 4 and lots of diagnostics sent in, advisors promised me a response and resolution, but NOTHING, after all that. There are lots of unresolved bug fixes besides mine. If a low percent of customers have a specific problem, they wont put time into fixing. Instead, we get a bunch of new fluff with system updates (like the new iOS 16 for iPad), that 90% of us will probably never use. Still, I wont go back to android.	0
This music is very beautiful and can make us imagine traveling far in a pandemic like this. thank you for the music	2
Eric love your stalemate attempt, hope your opponent could see the fun of it lol	2
"Not sure if it's mentioned in this video, but something I feel should be said in every tips video like this:

DON'T DO YOUR DREAM PROJECT FIRST

You will ruin it, if you don't give up first"	0
Just to note Gulikit also makes joystick replacements for the Steam Deck. I saw LTT install it not too long ago and recently picked me up a pair.	1
"*10:27*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
Im 55yrs old and I been listening to rap since day 1. As a artist this young man is perfect, love his music!!!	2
I love old movies about the history of America & how it touched people's lives ! Teaches us life lessons !??	2
It's a great month for tech with a lot of cool and reliable products. Love em all!	2
Google should offer users the opportunity to give a personal rating for the returned pages for a specific search query. On the basis of this, the search engine could then be well adapted and greatly improved both on an individual level and in general.	2
The burgers was the best ever that we made on our grill! Our son made us follow everything Ramsey said to do! Awesome! Thank you Ramsey and rock on!	2
Great piece Tom, this issue needs more attention in the media	2
Fun fact: My school has this poster in their physics class. I saw it was from YouTube and searched it.	2
Two legends in one movie ??	2
I loved this! It was very informative and a great overview. Could you perhaps do a map of engineering too?	2
Moneybagg Yo never disappoints?????????	2
These professors seem awesome, my college professors make me feel like I'm in high school again with docked points for not showing up even if you have an A.  Kind of hard to not miss a day when you work and have a family.	2
This was so much fun to watch and immensely encouraging for me to continue my studies	2
"yeah! Finally one more interview video of Sundar sir, I never miss his interview. Thank you Justinse ??.

Love from India????"	2
The platypus is a monotreme: it lactates and lays eggs. That means it's one of the few animals that can make it's own custard.	1
I think I'm the best singer on YouTube. Can't lie.	2
"Michio Kaku : 
maybe the most captivating educator I have ever listened to:
He is one, of very few, who make it a sheer joy to learn how to understand things."	2
?i nghi?n ?o?n piano qu, ??c g anh ra b?n full 28:57	1
I cut off tip of my thumb and it regrew.  I was told it was because i retained nail bed which produces stem cells.  It was incredible process.  There was nothing to stitch shut (no skin) and couldn't reattach tip so they used a special material on it for a while.  Removing that was horrifying.  But there isn't even any scar tissue and my finger print grew back too.  However the nerves didn't fair quite as well.  It has that asleep pins and needles feeling to it so i did physical therapy to get used to fine motor tasks, and it's pretty much normal now.  I wonder if animals new limbs have less sensitivity too though ??	0
Everytime i watch Austin and his team, i feel like they're a bunch of nerds assembled. I love it. ??	2
Coding your own games is easier than you think... skip ad	2
C?m ?n anh Lu?n. Ki?n th?c ny r?t th v? v h?u ch	1
?  ?? ?? ?  ??      ????    ? ?!?? ?  ??)??????????????????????????????????????	2
I know I love mismatched furniture! One of the ways Ive been looking to accomplish this is by using slip covers! Amazon has some great ones with a variety of colors and patterns! (And very affordable! ??)	2
We only got Apple Pay in South Africa in 2020/2021 and its widely accepted.	2
this is so well done especially by someone who is a CEO and took time out to do this, thank you	2
Oh my...?? It is incredible !that is street food ..looks so yummy!??????	2
Made me laugh how he kept asking people in chat if theyd heard of scump	2
Mass respect to all these animals ??	2
I love this fameplay	2
I was once in line at a GameStop to buy a used PS3 when a guy got in line behind me to trade in his PS3. So i bought the PS3 off the guy for less then what GameStop was selling them and more then what he would have received from the store. We both won on that day.	2
I had forgotten about what it feels like reading a good book, since it's been awhile- I haven't taken a English class this semester. But your thoughts made me remember. All the reasons you talked about reinvigorates my curiosity to think about the human experience, question the beliefs/mindsets I currently have, and, well, to study literature!	2
High on life is going to be my go to game the gameplay they showed I believe is the first boss battle my bet the further you get into the game the bigger the boss the bigger environment you'll be fighting them in!	2
Love this show !! Sonny you rock brother. One of the best shows on YouTube. Keep doing what you do!!	2
"Basic cubing rule:
Doing ANY set of moves will eventually put the cube to the solved state like if you do a set of moves like R U R' U' on a scrambled cube it will still be unsolved"	1
"DOWNLOAD THE ANSWERS >>> https://passmyinterview.com/21-short-answers-to-interview-questions/
How to overcome interview nerves: https://youtu.be/7_aAicmPB3A"	1
"JJ: we should leave before they notice us 
Mikey: yeah
The Villager: hey what about me ??"	1
Avengers endgame itself is speechless	0
Would love to see you playing a game live preferably a rapid game at 15-20mins time control and  how you yourself use these aspects to analyse- evaluate a positions as the game goes on. I think that would be great viewing.	2
"Popcorn oil is amazing. 

I used to work at a movie theater and wed pop the kernels by adding one pump of oil into the hopper. One day I added a second pump of oil and the popcorn was amazing. Perfect golden color, savory, delicious. People complimented how good the popcorn was. I became the guy responsible for making all the popcorn. One day I showed a co-worker my secret and he thought, if 2 pumps of oil is better than 1, then 6 must be amazing! We received so many complaints over his oily popcorn. Had to throw the whole batch out in giant garbage bags. The lesson: a little oil goes a long way, dont overdo it with that stuff ??"	2
"""Do your thing!""
""I really like this outfit!""
She-Hulk's clothes were fully intact. What was the purpose of that line?"	2
"Great introduction. Just one point at 2:02:30 Tuple for single column is passed in wrong way and thats why it returned data series. It should be df.loc[:,(""START*"",) instead of  df.loc[:,(""START*"") to get the dataframe. As in Pyhton () brackets are used for expressions or for functions. (2+3) will be evaluated into 5 and (""START*"") will be evaluated into string ""START*"" and thus when there is single element in a TUPLE it must be represented with comma at the end."	1
I cooked this last knight with noodles me and my 19 year old grandson loved it he even had a second helping too and even ate all the veggies which he never does thank you so much for sharing this with us I'll be making this more often yummy ??	2
Alexander ?? fricis ?? ???? ???? ??? ?????.	1
The fact that at 0:52 the boyfriend does something by himself is just so wholesome and cute <3	2
I was lucky to have Copper River Salmon once, it was by far the best salmon Ive ever tasted.	2
When you make snow golem thing put fire in every side so the snow projectile will be on fire so it will burn them	0
Until a few years ago, I didn't even know about the dragon - wyvern debate. I've always thought (and still do): all wyverns are dragons, not every dragon is a wyvern, just like every duck is a bird, but not every bird is a duck. Dragon is just a broad term for many different creatures. The one with four legs and two wings are european dragons (just my way of thinking, not saying it as a fact...not sure what most people's opinion is).	1
Let's not talk about how much I've rewatched this series. ????	2
??Explore Our FREE Courses With Completion Certificate: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-caxhMlw_04	1
Having done machine learning in the past year, this was actually a really good revision.	2
"Her: Ok ten minute break
Me: time to have a ten minute power cry over my failed reading section that I rushed through because I was running out of time"	0
When Mike nods his head yes AND no at the same time, you know its good.	2
This makes me realize that I would appreciate Minecraft less with realistic textures. I like it just the way it is (for now).	2
I've seen three of those bi-cardinals and I never knew it was rare, my grandma told me that it was because of the weather.	1
Beautiful, finally a new sonic game that does justice for the original series, the first showcase was strange, but this one is definitely better compared to the old one	2
Imagine writing a paper that can be disproven by attaching a pressure gage to the bottle	1
4:55 The 17x17 is definitely a bigger milestone than the 13x13 ??	2
You guys are awesome	2
I remember freshman year when you would be working on your games in class. Cool to see how far youve come with it.	2
"Bro today 2 track dropped pak ind dream Collab
1. Nevermind by talha anjum | Sedhe moat
2. Inaayat by mc insane | Bol jani
Plz do reaction both of tracks
Love from Karachi Pakistan ??"	2
Thats one of the best interviews Ive seen recently in the hip hop space. There are so many Hip hop Podcasts now and most of them still dont hit the way this interview hit with the amount of knowledge, business secrets & dealings, spoken in this interview! Applaud Envy & Ctgod on this piece! Respect	2
When are we as a Nation going back to sincere governance? Elections are partisan by nature but governing is not supposed to be. Encumbants are tasked to address all the needs of all the citizenry. The job of leadership should never be to retard the nations progress when their party doesn't hold the majority. The lies and the one upmanship has got to stop. The victory should be seen as the Nation's, rather than just one party or the other. It is the job of all who are serving to facilitate our progress. We are so much better than what we have been doing. We may have fallen short of our ideal but we should never stop striving. We are guaranteed not to make it if we quit.	0
"I guess in terms of a single player mode for Splatoon 3 I was hoping for a Bowser's Fury type of world where it feels more grand, some exploration and seemless transitions into the ""levels""."	2
"Let's just take a moment  to appreciate the time that hunni takes to do her 
Makeup and to find purple clothes"	2
Nice tutorial.. Kindly upload more related to implementation demo of supervised and unsupervised learning.	2
Thats my jam, way back in 2007.	2
"Being the Backrooms nerd I am, this was very funny to watch. The entity in the yellow level (level 0) was a Scratcher, the smiling entities are Smilers, I didnt see the entity in level 2 (Pipe Dreams) and the disco level (Level FUN) was filled with Partygoers.

I spend way too much time on the internet"	2
in this, the only thing you find out is who the better players are. that doesn't mean the player that won, his console is better. That just means the player is better overall. AM JUST SAYIN	2
"???? New iPhone Features ONLY AVAILABLE in iOS 16
https://youtu.be/VEgz0vn0iS8"	2
Nikhil is crushing this series - love him!	2
Thank God ya'll are okay. Quality content, love it. :D	2
Je?t d?v ne? jsem se nau?il skldat rubikovu kostku 3x3x3 jsem se j jako mal? kluk nau?il kompletn rozebrat a sprvn slo?it. Bylo to rychlej? a jednodu?? ne? ji ot?enm ve sprvnm po?ad slo?it tak jak se m, ale p?ed Vmi kloubouk dol?.	1
Ahh que recuerdos, aunque 2020 no fue mi mejor a?o, me senta mucho mejor que hoy.	1
+1 to everyone saying how good this mic sounds!! Seriously so good, has to be one of the best I've heard.	2
Very informative. Ive got an engineering degree and had courses like probability & statistics, linear algebra, integral and differential calculus. I have a letter of acceptance from a community college in Canada for Business and Advanced Analytics in a post grad diploma program with subjects like python, sql, machine learning, etc. Im studying python and data science online at the moment in preparation for my Winter 2023 intake. Will brush up my knowledge on statistics, linear algebra and calculus by August as this is a requirement by the program. Back in the days, I had the opportunity to represent our school in Math competitions. What surprises me is that I can still study for 5 - 8 straight hours everyday and sometimes forgetting my businesses as I now leave my managers to decide on their own. What do you think are the chances of people in their mid 40s getting a job without experience as a data analyst or data scientist?	2
Gordon made this so much more entertaining. It was already beyond awesome and then Gordon comes and judges a cooking show lmaooo that was amazing	2
"Fun note: in 1918, British General Edmund Allenby found himself in the same situation as Thutmose III, and having read Breasted's translation of the story,  tried the exact same ""middle path"" trick as Thutmose, and it worked again, 3400 years later!"	2
I went to the State Fair in Dallas, Texas and there was a Pig, weighted 1400 pounds, they turned him every half hour. And big Red cows, some with their babies. It was so interesting.	2
??pls like the vid before i go to jail	1
I'm surprised getting all the collectibles didn't even get an honorable mention. There's been more than enough people who couldn't 100% the Arkham games simply because they didn't like the Riddler trophy collecting quest (especially Arkham Knight due to how many times you had to use the batmobile JUST for those collectibles).	0
"""The food doesn't look that amazing, it's basically just a normal meal wrapped in gold."" I say as I shove another pizza roll in my mouth."	0
"I think it is a very good exercise to imagine yourself  in your ""death 
bed"" every now and then . To prepare yourself for this,  you must read 
the 9th chapter of "" The Death of Ivan Ilyich""  again. Just a very short
 chapter where Ivan lies all alone and in terrible pain in his bed.  He 
suddenly  hears the voice of his own soul saying:
-What do you want? What do you want?
He says:

-What do I want? To live and not to suffer.

So his inner voice says:

- To live? How?

- To live as I used to- well and pleasantly. 

- As you lived before, well and pleasantly?

Here is how Tolstoy continues:

"" And in imagination he began to recall the best moments of his pleasant
 life. But strange to say none of those best moments of his pleasant 
life now seemed at all what they had then seemed_ none of them except 
the first recollections of childhood. There , in childhood, there had 
been something really pleasant with which it would be possible to live 
if it could return. But the child who had experienced that happiness 
existed no longer: it was like a reminiscence of somebody else. 
As soon as the period began which had produced the present Ivan Ilyich, 
all that had then seemed joys now melted before his sight and turned 
into something trivial and often nasty"".

So as he keeps looking back on his life his thoughts become darker and 
darker.  He basically realises that his entire life had been a lie, he 
lived for what the others expected from him; for money, power and status...He wasted the time given to him in this world and now there is no
 way back!

Indeed we all must keep Ivan Ilyich in mind every day. Just consider how
 fast the time goes by.... How much of it do we really spend seriously 
thinking about our lives? Very little indeed... Because it requires a 
certain level of focus and depth, which we don't have most of the time.
That's why this scene is a great reminder. 

So as we make the ""Death bed  exercise"" I have just mentioned, we can 
use the very questions that Ivan Ilyich's soul was asking him.
I think people who live well, deal with their mortality better. So doing
 this exercise regularly can help us to live and die better.

Thank you for this wonderful lesson. I love Tolstoy!"	1
The existence of hammerhead sharks implies there exists a nail fish somewhere out there to be discovered.	1
Last year, I helped 4th and 5th grade students participate in Hour of Code. This year, our second graders got involved, as did a class of special needs middle school students. Our students are begging to do more and I am going to give them as many opportunities as I can!	2
The editing is topnotch!! Oh, and the food looks incredible too!	2
Its the interest that compounds that becomes a problem. Puts graduate in a financial prison for years. I paid my student loans and I support debt relief. It was hard to pay of 10k because of interest.	0
For the coke one do not use if you do not have the exact amount needed in the bottle!	0
i feel like a big part of the sat is to be a good test taker. there are plenty of very smart people who are not good test takers. the sat just does not measure you college readiness well in my opinion.	0
I love how Ethan just gets shit on at his own highlights channel	0
Making this for Jimmy was worth it he gives to people and deserves everything that comes his way!	2
It looks weird to me to have the whites be so smooth and perfect.  This method seems to preserve the whites the best, although it requires more water and vinegar than other techniques.  I've been using Alton Brown's technique, and it works better than the classic vortex method, but this one looks even easier.	2
"Hands down BEST crypto content on the web K-Dub!!! ?? Been watching every video since June 19 

Cant wait for the alt vid. Dot and Ada were absolutely phenomenal heads up ????

Please keep at it brother ??"	2
I always listen to orange and I do all the stuff he dose.	1
I just did my daughter's hair. And omg we are both loving it. She has curly hair from being biracial and it works so well for her. Why didn't we do this earlier!!!!	2
Love the 13 Pro Max for photo and video. I'm hoping iOS 16 will bring improvements in processing - better skin tones generally.	2
I just watched Post Mortem on Netflix last night and really liked it.  It's from Norway and has only six episodes in the series.  I'm not sure how I could describe it - horror? (a little); comedy? (a bit); police procedural?  (I guess...some).  It was just really strange and (at least to me), very entertaining.  Also, I watch all foreign movies with sub-titles so I don't know if it's dubbed or not.  Anyway, check it out!	2
Hell yeah coming with that heat ????????????	2
"""Tomorrow is about to be crazy. I'm going to fucking do some crazy shit, like I might even go to the grocery store tomorrow"" LMAO ME TOO EMMA"	0
For the past year Ive only had a Nintendo switch . Im a PlayStation guy but found the seriess S at an incredibly low price so I had to buy it. So far next gen gaming is great and this video is a big help to someone like me who is not only new to next gen but Xbox in general . Thank you	2
Love your tutorials, Mosh! I'm struggling with a Java class, and I did your Python tutorial and really enjoyed it, so I'm doing the Java one and it's making my class much easier. You are a fantastic teacher!	2
Some day we'll laugh at ourselves for being so puzzled by quantum physics	1
I am happy for this dude, he seem happy and humble i wish him nothing but luck	2
Loving the series. Thank you for all your hard work!	2
This is the kind of physics I understand. It makes sense that physics is a model of our perception of the world, and not the world itself. The map is not the territory.	1
That pie chart is what happens when you flunk your math classes.	0
Grande Mr. Beast demostrando solo los dos colores ????	2
1st meme my dad had gotten me resident evil 4 I had fallen in love with it but my dad saw my explode a granados head and got really surprised at the amount of violence in this 18+ rated game	2
this is by no means a history of chess, just a history of chess world champions. there is a lot more that is more general and more interesting than who exactly beat whom in how many games	2
"We also need to teach students how to learn, einstein himself said ""I do t teach my students, i give my students an optimal environment for learning, and they learn by themselves (paraphrased)""
Sure, yes, quality teaching is ver fundamental, but without teaching them how to learn, they would be dependent on other people rather than independent."	1
If I predicted a recession every month over the last forty years, i to would have predicted every recession over the last forty years.	1
I likes how she is so thoughtful about the fans that don't understand her language so she just made an cc for the other fans to understand what she's saying ??	2
*THUMBS UP IF YOU'RE WEARING SOCKS* ?	1
The reason Netflix is struggling is because they keep losing content, their own content, when it's good, is constantly neglected, and they keep raising the price without adding commensurate value to justify it. Getting into games demonstrates that they are not recognizing what they're doing wrong and simply trying to find a new source of revenue instead of fixing their faults. People are getting sick of having the price increased while more and more good content disappears or takes far too long to update. People are used to getting the next season of a series once every year, but many of them are taking 2 to 3 years to release, even before COVID.	0
"It becomes over whelming to see the job requirements for a Data Science role in India. It's hard not to fall in the trap of not knowing a lot of stuff even having a strong foundation in Python, Probability and statistics. Also I've taken a few courses from you guys till 15th of April and they were awesome. 

But would you also recommend us some of the projects we can have in our portfolio which will help us stand out?"	2
I love this song ??	2
Low wages, harassment,  bullying, KARENs, lack of security, respect, paperwork, working conditions, pay, safety, updated and fact based books, etc. Plus who the heck wants to worry about being murdered at their job, not having security taken seriously by those in charge( this will NEVER happen at are school) attitude.	0
"The FBI didn't ""break into"" Mar a Lago."	1
Vc  um dos melhores historiadores parabens	1
There is huge support for Stalin and Thiagarajan in Kerala...	2
Nice explanation. I am also building a course on ML in Python (for a University) more from an implementation perspective. This surely helps!	2
Even though I just got a recommendation from this channel I am proud of your pursuit for your passions!	2
"The video starts at 1:35 and here, i summary the video to save you from spending 10 minutes of watching general tips and ads:
1. Income isnt eveything. Pay attention to your expenses. That is the most important.
2. Diversify your income. Have a different source (e.g. side hustle)
3. Invest in yourself. Learn something, spend money to make money (e.g. good education, good equipment)
4. Say yes to everything.
5. Move in with your parents. To cut your rent expense
6. Stop buying crap you dont need (e.g. expensive cars, clothes)
7. Track the important stuff. Know your progress and financial situation.
8. Read one personal finance book a year. Just to make you updated on new things
9. Cull your thing. Filter the information you saw on internet
10. Celebrate your progress. Celebrate your milestone to give you motivation to keep going."	1
The KableCARD is by far my favorite item on this list! When I first saw you have it on the channel, I immediately bought it. So easy to carry and being able to charge anything with it is great.	2
If this actually does end up getting Trump reelected in the future, I will laugh harder than I ever have	0
One thing that I advise my clients is focusing on gratitude. That psychologically hacks your brain so that you think about the positives and the negative noise falls to the backdrop.	1
He needs to find a way to get schools to lower their tuition rates and quit trying to game a broken student loan system. This will just keep happening and its not going to stop idealistic young people from taking out massive debt on a useless degree. The schools need to be REGULATED. If they take govt funds, then they should be subject to immediate regulation.	0
From my ancestor's folklore:   The Lost Tribes of Judah & Dan  came to  North America prior to the Vikings (possibly on Phoenician Ships).  Some of The Lost Tribe People went with Vikings to Scandinavia and Denmark.   The  Iroquois,  The Mohawk,  The ManDan and The Cherokee  were said to have evolved from these lost tribes.   I am Cherokee, my family history has always been in the Southeastern United States and I have  Hebrew, Israelite (Jew) DNA - Tribe of Judah (as do most Cherokees).	1
She's given her career to prove the truth. Justice department needs to live up to their name.	1
Now hes actually mentioning unessesary accessories	1
"??Best Global Bitcoin & Crypto Exchange - Binance ($600 Bonus) https://bit.ly/3RJFAdV
??Best US Bitcoin & Crypto Exchange - Binance US https://bit.ly/3aq6tCz

??Get a Bitcoin Reward Credit Card (1.5% Back in BTC): https://bit.ly/3wRgz55 
??Buy Bitcoin & Crypto with IRA/401k w/ItrustCapital ($100 Bonus) https://bit.ly/3vTebLT

??Safeguard Your Bitcoin and Crypto w/ Ledger Wallet https://bit.ly/3xJdMwL
??Protect Yourself with NordVPN (69% off) https://bit.ly/3zgO2b9

??Buy Crypto Domain Names w/ Unstoppable Domains: https://bit.ly/3inLz8v


??CryptosRus' Best Crypto Exchanges Guide: https://bit.ly/3Gc7dF9/
??CryptosRus' Best Crypto Deals: https://bit.ly/3wUtbeu
??CryptosRus' Crypto Academy: https://bit.ly/3MZj1yZ
??CryptosRus' Merchandise, NFTs and Articles:  https://CryptosRus.com

?Join Patreon for Exclusive Content and Discord Chat: https://bit.ly/3z3It1Y"	1
Also, can you look into Imaging, Laboratory, bio and Geo informatics? In addition computational engineer and scientist.	1
"John Oliver deserves an Oscar for his 'Can Dolphins love you?"" monologue"	2
I've always wondered how yahoo finance got Ryan Gosling as a reporter.	1
I think that this is the most beautiful unboxing for this Nintendo that Ive ever seen ??	2
To absorb what one reads, it's crucial to master concentration. When I started reading in my early youth, my mind would wander before finishing a page. Over time, my concentration improved to a point where I could read dozens of pages without losing my train of thought. Activities like chess, reading and meditation are effective in improving concentration. I know a Buddhist monk who can clear his mind for long periods even when in a noisy environment. It's a skill that he developed over time with practice and discipline. It's literally rewired his brain. Schools fail miserably in teaching our youth in the art of self learning.	2
Make full movie reaction of Chennai express..full of fun and emotional	2
         , ?? ??	1
Don't worry about the sunset because the sun will rise and bring with it hope, new optimism. ??	2
If you want to see dance moves of hritik roshan you should react on -  Mein aisa kyu hoon . And hritik is fabulous actor . Please react on Krish 3 movie trailer and War movie trailer .	2
Merrick Garland is really the one U.S. citizen\public servant who is under more pressure than any of his country men or women, up to and including the US President at this moment  May he remain resolute.	1
              ??????   ??	2
Let me clear you that if you are watching this song without watching movie then it's not worthy and you will not understand the reason of this song....??Ss rajamouli..All time hit movies provider.	0
After decades in GOP, Colo. Sen. Kevin Priola says: We need Democrats in charge	1
Thanks for the great content Shane. As a data scientist myself, who came into this field via the shortcut route essentially, given that my own engineering field had few jobs available, one thing I have noticed is that it is often more useful to a data scientist and their company if the data scientist comes from the shortcut route. If you come in with the domain knowledge of one engineering discipline or some other discipline, plus the skills you need as a data scientist, you can carve for yourself much more important roles within an organization and offer insights that traditional data science program graduates cannot. While traditional education pathways into data science offers a clear cut set of classes to take, it rarely allows us to draw the connection to real world data science in depth. You end up being able to do what the shortcut data scientists can do, but without the specialized domain knowledge. Coming from an engineering discipline myself, I was able to understand data science problems with product perspective and help deliver projects in novel ways. I have noticed the same with my other peers who also don't come from the traditional route. I say this because I have met with a lot of non-traditional route students who want to do data science but feel a little scared or worried that they can't break through. They definitely can break through and thrive in this field. They offer specialized insights you can't get through the traditional route. So if you are someone who is studying even something in the humanities, like linguistics or english, you can become a powerful data scientist (with perhaps a specialization related to what you studied, such as NLP). If you are someone who comes from a STEM field, even better, because you will already likely have most of the mathematical foundations needed to approach most data science problems. All data scientists are expected to be able to do the basics of data science. But what sets apart good data scientists from great data scientists is the ability to properly contextualize a business problem, address user needs, and help in the development of a product in a way that is meaningful beyond just a typical model. I don't mean to say students who do the traditional route are by any means necessarily worse off, but I do think they should also invest in acquiring knowledge in some other domains as well.	2
Her performance was amazing & impressive, & she just seems very humble.	2
Honestly, this series is such a beautiful time capsule of the mid 2010s.	2
Here I'm watching this YouTube video when I should be finishing my Differential Equations Homework (more commonly known as Calculus 3). I have to say, after all these years of mathematics and the SAT I was surprised that I got a couple of these problems still tripping me up. Good job with the explanations and I'm sure, for anyone taking the SAT, if you understand all these problems by 'heart' you will easily be above the 90th percentile.	1
Please do part 2 and 3 this made me so happy	2
This was an incredible video. I didn't know about glass instead of dead coral fan or mud for sugar cane!! Thank you so much!	2
Let's w a moment to to appreciate how much effort he puts into his contact to entertain...???	2
The one thing I think you really missed here in the raster editing section is Krita which is especially useful for creating tiling textures as well as having a really powerful painting workflow.	2
Excellent instructor, thank you so much!	2
"Can't wait for episode 14 the rise of bangtan chapter 14 ""Filter"""	2
This is exactly the type of person I like to be friends with.	2
First time after a long time after Kabir Singh, this look promising. I watched original. I don't want to know about story line, i just want to see the Maniac and dense acting of these two.	2
Ive just recently started watching your channel and its amazing! I love how straight forward and honest your videos are! I think Im most excited for the 14 Pro Max and seeing the notch go away!	2
I think the 14 is a meaningful upgrade just because it's getting rid of the notch after 5 years	2
"What were they looking for?
I dont know.
What wrongdoing do they suspect, and why?
I dont know.
What did they find?
I dont know.
Was it justified?
ABSOLUTELY NOT! Tyranny!
Do you know or care how utterly stupid such reasoning is?"	0
"I really liked your documentary.  Very informative.  Would like to see more documentaries on the original people groups specifically of Central America (including Panama).

The original people groups of Panama are Kuna, Ngabe, Bugle, Naso or Teribe, Doraces, Bokotas, Wounan and Embera.  My maternal great grandmother and grandmother were descendents of the Doraces people.  Pure Doraces people exist no more.

I read in a book titled Hurakan, that the first Spanish that came to the Panamanian Isthmus were surprised and terrified of finding mountains of skeletons of persons piled up."	2
If you asked me if a morbius set would sell out before the movie was announced, I would say no. Im excited were getting him though, want him to be in a set with spidey and blade.	2
???????? ??? ???? ??? ???? ?? ?????? ?? ??????? ??? ?????? ??? ????? ?? SUBCRIBE  ????? ????	1
its good and funny to see how animals cares for each other specially the goat and the chickens.	2
Ive always wanted to make a game, and Ive come up with many ideas for it, but Ive never been committed enough to actually learn game development. Glad to see you pulling through and learning it. Keep up the great work. Also what if for a 2 hit floating sword combo, you swing it overhead for the first hit, and for the second attack the sword flings out and spins in a circle.	2
Wspania?y wyst?p ?? ?ycz? Ci aby?  spe?nia?a swoje marzenia .	2
As a nutrition professor, thank you for this! Such a great resource for students!	2
I watch your videos over and over again, they never get old I love your content ??	2
Insane as always, great content! The dynamic between everyone is unbeatable.	2
"Si el juego se enfoca en multijugador, si debera de ser gratis, esto mismo paso con Halo Infinite, que el multijugador es gratis para todos hasta en PC.
Adems, al ser gratis impulsara la compra de membresas online de Nintendo :b"	1
Andrew Tate is like that uncle that thinks he's giving really good, deep advice - but in reality he's had a series of broken marriages, his kids got taken into foster care, and he refuses to believe he's got a drinking and gambling problem	0
Mission Impossible movies just getter by time! Can't wait for this one!	2
Hamza is a man of legacy,may Allah bless your work and soul and guide all of us to the right path ??????????	2
People are not talking about how much of an effect the altitude had on Leon its crazy. Bring that belt home Rocky and defend it at Wembley another W incoming mate ????????	1
Major gaurav arya have great knowledge about world politics ..... ????	2
apa cara terbaik untuk menghasilkan uang dari perdagangan kripto?	1
wow! this is my first time actually researching this topic being a computer science student. i have got to say, this really brightened my mood and brought some light to my day/mind regarding my major! :) awesome stuff!	2
"( ?  ` )
r
(*?-`)"	1
My #1 would have been Cena returning at MITB last year.  Hearing Cole sound like Joey Styles when Cena came out was hilarious.	2
19 ???? ?? ?????? ?? ?????? ??????	1
The emotion, concept and every actor's performance of this movie incomparable... Watched it for the first time when was too young.. Probably when I was in grad 3......but still thrilles my soul... Wow...wow... Wow..... Hatts Off to the makers.... But I must appreciate the performance of Anil kapoor who has really expressed the immense and unlimited love and passion of a father for his son and Shilpa shetty who for me has been a kind of an angel in this movie......Loved her performance the most...	2
This video is so helpful and helped me pass my Master Trainer interview. Richard, your processes and steps are so concise and have given me so much confidence in the interview space. This video is AMAZING and so are all the others.	2
That Emily Dickinson taco joke was straight up genius.?	2
"Hilary Mason is not only a computer scientist, but one of the first famous 'Data Scientists', a very well-known word today, but not so much a decade ago. Her research and knowledge sharing has helped to develop the field into becoming the vast and useful network it is today.

Great video!"	2
I cant be relaxed without seeing whats making these relaxing sounds	2
Thank you so much for this video! It was so informative and really helped someone like me who isnt be familiar with these type of exams. Could you also make a video about essays and how to write an impactful one to get into Harvard?	2
It's satisfying to watch everytime Lisa dance, it just Her Aura really blow up, she knows how to control her body, her facial expressions, the professional dancer behavior	2
Thanks for the help ritesh been watching ur vids for months now ????	2
idk whos picking these people, but give them a raise	1
As somebody starting out with a new blog, this sounds like great news! Feels like it could make things more doable for niche bloggers.	2
I Love It so much ????	2
21:00 khi anh duy mu?n ch? hng nh?ng ko ?? xi?n mua xe to :3	1
HQ - Bass Music	1
Arteta finally getting some credibility. If Partley stays healthy and Jesus keeps his form Arsenal can challenge city for the title.	2
"some little time stamps <3
2:30 treasure island ?
6:58 kittens ??
9:35 cool winter night ??
12:18 happy birthday ?? 
14:06 beach ??"	2
Wow! A truly outstanding presentation!  Very well organised and conveyed!	2
I am at 600 on both math and verbal. So how could i improve +200 marks	1
Fajne si? zapowiada	1
The fans were there for the players tonight and they didnt disappoint.	2
Two great legends of TFI ????????????	2
"To help him get better, this crowd of people traumatised him for life

This narration is GOLD"	1
"Really fascinating!
The British empire having a BILLION inhabitants in the 1800s!? That's getting awfully close to modern demographics...
Though, with the important difference being that modern population numbers rose naturally, and are actually maintainable."	2
Always upvote and praise the content creators who make sleep time Lofi last longer than 3 hours and have No Ads.	2
"Pink Venom. Out Now.

https://youtu.be/gQlMMD8auMs"	1
Yay! I'm excited to get this one downloaded so I can listen to it while working for the next 2 weeks ???? Thank you for all you do History Time. Between you and a couple other History channels is like 75 percent of my viewing lol	2
binge watching peoples mukbang during quarantine	1
Its good to share ideas, yet what really matters to have a successful business is THE EXECUTION. And this is something that no single video, not even mine, can teach. It takes experience, trying, learning, never giving up, adapting, ... until you get the right execution strategy. Just leaving a honest opinion here ?? thank you for the video.	2
"Thanks for the course. Everything is perfectly laid out and delivered. One hour in and I'm looking forward to get further!
As a tech instructor myself, I find this very inspirational.
May I ask you which tool you used to create your animated ""slides""?
Keep up the great work and again, thanks for sharing!"	2
I remember being only able to see content like this on the Discovery Channel. It's crazy that I can watch content like this (arguably waaay better) at anytime and not being glued to my TV. Brilliant.	2
Your voice is so calming and you easily put me to sleep and thats definitely not a bad thing. I couldnt sleep until 2 AM. You just got a new sub ??	2
so glad that the winner was who it was. so much genuine excitement and emotion after winning. i'm glad to know the prize is going to someone who really appreciates it.	2
I love how he tells us what went wrong and how to do it right	2
I love how Jimmy didnt catch him saying watermelon on a grinders cool cool cool cool lets watch it go into the void void void void	2
Very excited for PSVR2. Gonna feel like that big leap in graphics that flat games don't really have anymore because of diminishing returns	2
"? Mi canal en espa?ol: https://bit.ly/3yJ5jsj
? Friend's channel about customization: https://bit.ly/2RXsiAp
? The best channel about crafts: https://bit.ly/SubscribeRococo
guys, it was an incredible challenge!  my team and I spent an incredible amount of time to shoot this awesome issue!  watch it and tell us, have you seen such records before???????"	2
Legend says that Chris still near the snakes To this day.	1
Thanks sir it's really understandable I enjoyed it	2
I couldn't have more love for this essayist and for this author, who woke me up for good when I was just a kid in Junior High. I share his devotion to language and the free and organic use of it, and of the wisdom of the ordinary people all over the world.	2
Expression through Art and a need for more ( e.g. money, property, life after death, etc) is hard wired in human dna!	1
Now this is my favourite video! I have been struggling a lot when it comes to handling multiple projects.  Thanks Ali!! You really answered a lot of my questions today!!	2
I don't know really. What do you people expect at workplace which pays you 10K a month (minimum salary). To just chill and play games :) Of course it's going to be stressful and hard.	0
Go for it!	2
"Dejo mi comentario ac para que cuando a alguien se le ocurra dejar un ""me gusta"", me llegue una notificacin y me recuerde que tengo que volver a escuchar esta cancin."	1
"Tride: Has 78k subs
Wolvez: Is top 3
SpaceUK: Is top 1



and Kelvin: *farts*"	1
I learned more from this video than I did from an entire semester of a watching paint dry intro to databases class. Thanks Chuck.	2
This 3-hour video is my Entire  2 semester of my Computer Engineering!! such nicely composed Video. Definitely recommend for beginners! Cheers!	2
What I learned from this episode: 1943 was a very important year in MCU history.	2
This is pretty much how I went through it as well in the last few years.  I actually started web scraping before machine learning, as ML really benefits from good scrapers and database building.	2
This was such an awesome video! Good job mate! You all bring my family great joy!! XD	2
you should have your team show you end results of hair and you can guess if its diy or salon ?? (hopefully with fair candidates, like not showing off the hair in a salon chair being an obvious giveaway lol )	1
Awesome video! Are there any other tech skills being applied to your typical workday outside of SQL? Perhaps Excel, Python, etc?	2
Atlas Fallen, The Lords Of The Fallen, and Lies of P were my favorite take aways from the show. Well Where Winds Meet too but I'm hesitant since I don't know if it will release on Xbox or not.	1
"Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.
$dexa"	2
Dinner for one can be relaxing.	2
The key to nailing an interview is to always remind yourself that PEOPLE DON'T WANT THE TRUTH, THEY WANT VALIDATION!!!!!	0
I was at a trampoline park and after I was done jumping I decided to play some arcade games. I won 500 tickets from one game and got my first rubiks cube from there. It was really bad at maneuvering and would cause so much friction. So I decided to try and move it really fast back and forth and it literally blew into pieces in the middle of the parking lot and scattered everywhere mid-day with spectators around. Safe to say I could never get it back together. I ended up buying several speed cubes and Im able to solve all of them.	0
<??Stay calm the profit is ours, the price is amazing for every early investor for those who got in for the first time otherwise its just bouncing back to normal price for the rest of us which is good. Those will hold the longest will profit the most, I trade and hold, profit keep up the most, I trade and hold, profit keep up the great work! And also has been doing great job reviewing all chart, trade and techniques on BTC which has enhanced the growth of my portfolio to 10BTC....	2
Quem est lendo o comentrio que Deus te aben?oe e ilumine sempre seu dia ??????????????????	2
*Fabulous!?? ?? You just take this eating show to a whole another level, it looks heavenly delicious!^^*	2
Correcting gods mistake one bullet at a time?????? Has to be some of the funniest narrating of all time keep up the great work always looking forward to the next post	2
Those Splatoon joycons are nice!	2
"yo, this video has gotten a lot more views than it deserves for being as dumb and badly put together as it was, so I feel like I should clear a few things up.

First off, to game devs who are just starting out: don't attempt to do exactly what I did, because it probably won't work out well. And I'm not saying this because I think I'm smarter or better at game dev than you. In all honesty, I'm pretty average and tons of people could've done a lot better in my shoes. But that's just the thing, not everyone is in my shoes and has the same experience that I had. Prior to this I'd been making 2D games and was quite familiar with coding, so carrying that over to Unity and 3 dimensions was fairly simple. I mentioned this in the video, but I've seen too many comments in the vein of ""wow this was impressive, I would never be able to do this"" which frankly makes me feel a little bad, since most people probably would be able to do this if they had the same experience I had and I don't want to discourage anyone who doesn't realize this. 

So I just wanted to reiterate that this was just a video made for shits and giggles by a guy who already knew how to make 2D games and wanted to apply that knowledge to 3 dimensions. Also, everyone learns at their own pace in their own way, and the rate at which that gets done doesn't really matter as long as you're able to learn what you needed to learn in the end (within reason of course, if it takes 8 years to figure out how to print ""hello world"", then we might have a problem). So even if you have as much experience as I did, there should be no reason to feel bad if you take more time. Because ultimately, it doesn't really matter how quickly you're able to learn how to make games. As a game developer, you develop games, and the quality of those games is really the only thing you should be worrying about, not how quickly you can make them. Of course, this mostly only applies if you're doing this as a hobby, and if you have a deadline to meet and bills to pay, you should probably worry a little more.

And on the other side of the spectrum, to those who think this video was faked: it wasn't lol. As mentioned before, I already knew how to make 2D games and how to program things, arguably the hardest part of developing games. Because of that, the focus of this video wasn't on that but rather applying what I knew to 3D games by learning 3D modelling, animation, and how to work with Unity, which was fairly easy and straightforward thanks to the massive amounts of documentation and resources available on the internet and such. But mostly this was just for shits and giggles since I find messing around with 3D games entertaining, and I feel like people may be reading into it too much lol. Also there are a few continuity errors that a few people have caught in the dates shown on my computers taskbar, but that was caused by how I usually record clips while video editing, and not when I'm actually making the games. So I just have a weird workflow.

And last thing, to YouTube: why the fuck does this have 500,000 views. did the algorithm break? I can think of a whole lot of videos that deserve 500,000 views, and this is definitely not one of them. so if you're watching this, go watch someone else's video or something, this one has way too many views already."	0
Imagine being Anns friend?!?!? Thats already a treat. I couldnt imagine being sick and her being her amazing self by delivering a delicious cake to me??????I hope your friend is feeling better.	2
"YEEEES
Thank you for doing this, really appreciate the effort and enjoy your content ??"	2
Im usually at least somewhat excited in my anticipation of the redesigned iPhone models. But to be honest, the Pacific Blue of 12 Pro Max has me very content, and it will take another completely revolutionary design/software leap for me to leave this device. Pacific Blue is just too pretty to let go of.	2
Are there more icones who change  white the wallpaper colors?	1
I love the idea	2
Really every movie lover wanted and  waited to see this type of interviews ??	2
??	2
Absolutely love this. I was familiar with Dr. Chuck as an academic and I may have even taken part of his course. I spent 16 yrs teaching programming in a computer science programme and he is 100% right.	2
Dave has always defended Michael. That's a true friend and most entertainment folk only have users and abusers.	1
?????? _2??????? ????? ????????.????????.	1
Ubisoft+ Coming to PlayStation, PS Plus Extra/Premium Will Also Include Ubisoft+ Classics	1
"If you are innocent why are you taking the 5th amendment  
                                ~ Trump-"	0
This gives me so much more confidence. I love the way you easily break it down in a way and quickly explain it all. Really needed this	2
Thank you so much. This teacher is the best teacher from a tutorial I've ever had. Clear, entertaining, and easy to follow. Well done.	2
"Not that impressed with how Spurs are controlling a game, but thoroughly impressed by their resolve and determination. 
Every game so far this season, theyve faced stiff competition, and they keep rising to the challenge. Its awesome to see, no matter where they go."	2
"""Crying does not indicate that you are weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you are alive."" -Jane Eyre, Charlotte Bronte"	1
This came out before the new Halloween where Michael Myers essentially levels up to the status of God or force of nature	1
Merci pour cette vido ??	2
2:56 and 3:19, having a 44 IB predicted score is way more impressive than getting a 4.0 gpa, we have a monster on our hands	2
These new streams are definitely a great addition to the arsenal of the Hamza content.	2
"very brief and interesting video.
I shall share it with my students.
look forward to watching more videos like this."	2
The mask is from the suit ultron was using when he first appears in AoU.	1
This movie was tricky, with the amount of swearing in it, YouTube kept restricting it as 18+ and blocked in some countries/territories so I had to mute all the f words, so that everyone can have access to the video.	0
Incredible job on that video! He is an icon to local food and has been pushing hard to promote the industry. I think you found the right man to introduce Singapore hawker food. I saved almost 90% on my flights using Mighty ??? Travels ???? Premium.	2
The Sat reading section was like torture to me. I would get 20+ questions wrong all the time! But with alot of hard work and dedication I ended up getting a 690 on it. You can do this guys!!!	0
Im in 7th grade, and just wanted to learn how to code. This video is a great introduction to coding for me. Keep up the good work	2
7:13 you can hold shift and space at the same time while flying to -sneak- stay in one spot in the air,  you dont have to keep going down.	1
If the old guy is my grandfather, I think we would be talking about technologies all day long. Nice video!	2
I really love her and think that she doesn't deserve all this hate. she's working on herself, on her music, and her career so it's sad to see that people always find to say something bad. amazing interview which once again convinced me that Ssweetie is one of the cutest and most down-to-earth celebrities????	2
Every challenge or offer you had was so exciting to watch. Keep up the great content MrBeast!	2
"Natalie, you angel. Thank you so much.
Unknowingly  you've helped me create my first piece.  A very special memorial card for my mumma. ??
Not long into your beautifully explained tutorial I had Canva open and found it so easy to do what I was stressing about starting for so long. 
Again Thank you lovely Lady ??"	2
Hi there! I'm actually preparing to do my Phd in abroad. I know this unusual, but you would consider chatting over skype or something to talk about certain things regarding the application process, the life of a phd student and just your overall experience regarding this subject? I promise I'm not a weirdo or a serial killer ??	1
"Nice!!! Good song
(I come from the Taiwan!!!!!
I love this top song"	2
I love these experiments! So usable and functional for people in quarantine at home! Love it ??	2
Keeping 45 from engaging in his main grift of collecting funds to finance his electioneering would seem to be the major benefit to the public in the moment.	1
"I've been looking at a fair number of videos for high profile corporate headquarters and it's really fascinating to see how varied the different cultures are. Like not necessarily better or worse, just different. This is by far the most ""fun"" of the bunch, for sure!"	2
I just love Chris is just going really fast and jimmy is have a good time lol	2
holy guacamole that was amazing. easily one of the best documentaries I've ever seen. PLEASE do more about chrss history. It's what the chess community needs to realize this game isn't just Magnus and supercomputers finding the best moves, but actual styles of play and players that for so long determined the game	2
Iluthutu poovaru iluthutu varuvaaru ??????	2
Salvei ig?o eu fico toda hora assistindo as suas sries de nfs most wanted,carbon, playback,heat e Forza Horizon	1
Wow yummy ??????	2
The favorite for me was when the goat who had nothing to do with the fight, seemingly went over to defend the chicken from the hawk!	2
"These courses have made an already 5 star game even better.  Its great theyre including one all-new course per wave too.   

Id love to see some new battle courses at some point though"	2
Starting early is the best way of getting ahead to build wealth, investing remains a priority. I learnt from my last year's experience, i am able to build a suitable life because I invested early ahead this time.	2
" 23:23 LINDA COMO SEMPRE. 18KISSX.UNO
los mortales apreciaban a una mujer tan hermosa ??
2:09\/ ( elecciones ) 9:05 /\ 1:03 ( culturales ) 9:13 /\
????????
10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy bgsu:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ma?as no se layt"	1
Thank you for an insightful video! ?? I am currently leading a team of data analysts and planning to get started on some ML projects in the team. Do you have any input on how a team manager can prepare to lead a team of ML engineers? Any pointers will be great. Thank you!	2
Magnus is a pure business man ??????	2
EARLY OMG	2
Gooood??	2
It seems that Leo is really the most prospective altcoin today	2
Why do I start crying every time this plays. No reason- I just do. I love this song	2
This was so easily explained that I had to watch it a billion times.	2
The most epic WTF ending of a life ever.	1
I've always gotten a little confused when people classified 2020 as the worst year to be alive in. There are so many past years that didn't have as much technology to go off of like we did during the pandemic. Like at least we had stuff to do locked in our homes :/	0
Essa msica  uma perfei??o	1
I own this entire series.  One of the best History Channel produced in my opinion.  Peter Weller did an awesome job with it.	2
A fellow Mexican here and I have two different comfort foods. For when I want something sweet I go with arroz con leche because its good for any time of the day and can be eaten cold or hot which means it's good for literally any time of the year. And my other comfort food is definitely pozole it is just so good and warm and it gives me memories of all the parties I went to when I was a child.	2
On parle trop de Sony et peut de Microsoft ??	0
Thanks Mr.Asitang Mishra. You have motivated me more to pursue data science ??	2
3:33 WTF makes landlords think they're entitled to make up for pandemic-related losses???? Why are they special and deserving of being immune and exempted from taking a hit? Can all the people who weren't able to go to work for several months and had to live off of their savings (or become homeless) demand a raise to make up for the money they didn't make? Why are landlords and banks and such allowed to demand to not share the burden? ??	0
This video taught me to spend way too much time on ragdolls when making a 3D game	0
"0:00 introduction
1:45 installing python and pycharm
6:40 setup and hello world
10:23 Drawing a shape
15:06 Variables and Data types
27:03 Working with strings
38:18 Working with numbers
48:26 Getting input from users
52:37 building a basic calculator
58:27 Mad libs Game 
1:03:10 Lists 
1:10:44 List Functions 
1:18:57 Tuples 
1:24:15 Functions 
1:34:11 Return statement 
1:40:06 If statement 
1:54:07 If statements and comparisons 
2:00:37 Building a better calculator 
2:07:17 Dictionaries
2:14:13 While loop
2:20:21 Building a Guessing game
2:32:44 For loop
2:41:20 Exponent Function 
2:47:13  2D lists and nested loop
2:52:41 Building a Translator 
3:00:18 Comments 
3:04:17 Try/Except 
3:12:41 Reading Files 
3:21:26 Writing a file
3:28:13 Modules and pip 
3:43:56 Classes and Objects 
3:57:37 Building a Multiple choice quiz
4:08:28 Object Function 
4:12:37 Inheritance 
4:20:43 Python interpreter
...Thank you..."	1
This is amazing and really interesting. I  got so lost  because I have insufficient scientific education  to follow this completely but it is fascinating to me and  I really enjoyed this video. I  have saved it and will play it over and over again to try and  understand it. I love the humor and the  very clear way they are trying to explain this to the layman. It is wonderful that they have this on youtube so we can all explore this amazing subject.	2
"*1997* : Legendary Pokemon are elusive to find, and even more difficult to catch. Usually only obtainable after finishing the main game. Non-stop rumours about dubious methods for how to obtain them (underneath trucks etc)
*2022* : VVVVRRROOOOMMMMM!!!"	0
Great job explaining the concepts. Simple and effective communication.	2
I love these year in search videos! Hopefully, the 2022 year in search will show us moving ahead in more ways than one. In the meantime, remember all we can control is ourselves and we need to realize that we are more alike than different. May everyone have a happy new year, even the ones I disagree with.	2
Seus vdeos me d?o fome,  por isso que eu amo tanto assistir, JA VOU SEGUIR E FAZER ALGUMA COISA PRA MIM COMER PORQUE EU NAO TO AGUENTANDO ??????????????????	2
Really good video its similar to mine but better! lol!	2
The day a console actually provides 4K60fps no compromise we wont have to have these performance videos. We can just worry about the game itself	1
Dr. Chuck is a legend!	2
I'm such a fan of your music! It's literally my favorite! :)	2
"""Nothing should look sad. It should look bright.""

Good to know when the aliens come down looking for human sashimi they won't be coming after me."	2
Education has become  competitive for parents, to make their  children  worthy in this world to competent other for their  future, It's not only happening  in China in other fast growing  cities.  It's  better  to divide  studies  according  to grade , rather pressure  the kid at early  age......nowadays  parents  are feeding  kids with  vitamins  and many nutrients to improve their brain function,  but they didn't  think the world  most top renowned scientists never had this facilities.	1
Huge fan of Hikaru giving us insight like this into the mindset of the super GM world.  FIDE reminds me of the intractability of major league baseball and their outdated traditions.	1
y'all should stay protected on the internet and especially for gaming. Use my referral link to get 3 FREE months and 50% off the #1 VPN in the world https://www.expressvpn.com/putther	2
"I love how respectful Vox is even when he's talking about cringy moment .

EDIT: Thank you all for the likes <3"	2
I really don't know how people can solve it and read the cube so fast with just colors	0
Thank you! I will be using this on all of my practice tests so I can prepare.	2
50 knows how to lead an interview and command respect in the room. His aura and energy is just different mixed with a wealth of knowledge/intelligence. All you have to do is sit back and listen with open ears. ????	2
"Hey KC!!! So so very glad to see you tonight ???????? I have missed you !!! You look so pretty as always?? Your good looks delicious- Im trying to get myself together to make my first seafood boil ?? Have a blessed night KC  and remember All the  CONNECTORS  LOVE you!!!!
( especially me) So glad you enjoyed your cruises????????"	2
Nice I love it??	2
"I'm absolutely stunned how much emotional i got with this speeches. Kind of like in the last public question I'm also doing a board game and I'm happy to hear that games take extremely long to port and that it is a rollercoaster of emotions and full of pitfalls to watch out for. But as long as I keep looking back at my younger self who started my ""Streamers Ace Project"" I can't make him sad and quit. Thanks for that amazing talk and all your effort you all put into it."	2
"yall came in clutch for my EOC tomorrow
edit: i got a 96% thanks amoeba sisters"	2
Esse trailer foi de arrepiar, t lindo demais!!! Espero do fundo do meu cora??o que esse filme n?o decepcione... ??	2
Yay! Always a joy to see ya Celaine, especially in alien mode!	2
"Watching this again because my friends got me hooked on video games. And after watching animal crossing and Pokmon streams I kinda have been researching which switch would be better for my technology availability. 
Now I think I definitely should save up for this one. I like bigger screen option and newer version. Cant wait to see it available on local stores as I just discovered I could possibly even get it on my mobile carrier contract for less than my iPhone 12. 
Also I see this as good option when you dont have smart tv to play games on (like my friends) and I even looked up possible laptop connections. So this one looks right up to my alley. Also for when Im willing to give my phone a break or just feel like playing video games (which is something Ive only been discovering few weeks ago)"	2
Me alegra ver que mantienen sus poderes para romper la cuarta pared de los cmics. No puedo esperar a verla a ella y a Deadpool en la misma escena.	1
Chess is, and forever will be, a timeless endearing game that will forever captivate the human mind. Long may it reign in thousands of years to come!	2
hoy se duermeee, muchsimas gracias ??	2
My dad explained me this a long time ago.. he would tell me how hard his path to school was without revealing anything	1
What do you think of all of this? Will it be in future games? Lemme know!	1
*Golden*	1
hey man, do you have any tips to avoid silly errors? I get errors just due to carelessness or not reading the passage thoroughly do you have any tips for that?	0
"respect to this dude having 20hours+ lofi no ads and still responding and hearting almost all comments
have a nice day anyone reading this??"	2
"""So how does you cube turn?""

Him: yes"	1
I'm thinking about getting into a computer career. This is my first time hearing like different titles about working on computers. Thank you so much for sharing this video. I just need to find the right title that will fit me with dealing with computers because I like working all computers.	2
"I'm learning Data Science and whenever I read job descriptions for entry levels or even for Interns they want you to be jack of all trades and on top of that require you to have 2,3 years of experience. Plus they include big data streamlines and ask you to be an expert on it too along with all sorts of cloud services. I mean it feels like they're demanding an Intermediate Data Scientist and terming it as ""Data Analysis Intern"" or ""Junior Data Analyst"" role. This frustrates me a lot."	0
"Hi Sundas! I have a career in auditing and over time I ended up focusing on producing data models by pulling data from SAP ERP.

These days, this work is often done by data analysts. It requires knowing the data base and handling analytics tools (SQL, Script, Python, etc ...)
I am learning Python and I am preparing for the CAP (Certified Analytical Professional) certification, to learn the methodology and accredit my qualification.
After listening to you I think I should prioritize statistics.
With my experience I think that I should orient myself towards business data analytics. Thanks for the info."	1
I have so much respect for the guy who agreed with the Christmas decoration debate.	2
"Oppo did OnePlus so dirty  
?? Heart breaks for OnePlus fans 
R.I.P  oxygen OS and OnePlus"	0
Simply Divine?? way to go Neil n' Ashwariya. Spiritually elevating love. They don't make them anymore in real life. Beautiful lyrics ???	2
Thats why they suspended him. He doesnt realize the severity of the outcome of the AI he has leaked about its awareness could be very dangerous..	0
Dude literally punched himself in the nuts and squeezed a lemon into his eyes for $800, now thats a man that I respect	0
I truly appreciate your videos. Because of you, Ive kept my XsMax and my Apple Watch 5. I dont see the need to upgrade until next year if Apple go to the USBC.	2
Forgive them lord for they not know what they do.	1
The Idea for the cube lube vid sounds like a banger! I really love setting up my cubes and I think that the Yoo cube setup is probably the best one out there especially because it works on almost every cube.	2
I miss the days when the history channel was actually the history channel.	1
Dude, I absolutely love the course, and thanks for including the 2D Art Pro for free!  Also, thanks for being so inspiring and encouraging, you've learned where the sweet spot is for making games, and hit it every time you seek to educate.  Thanks again.	2
I remember watching physics and he  is one of the nicest person I ever saw and one day I want to play with him on Fortnite and I wish I meet himbin duo fill	2
"This ""representative"" should just say, ""I don't care about the law if it's someone that is in my party"". This is why America is in such a mess, the representatives don't do their jobs."	0
Love the material, love the host. It's clear to me that you really love this topic, and you're articulate and passionate. I'm so excited for this series! Thank you!	2
Very sweet	2
Honestly I appreciate you and your content < Technical Analysis is good but I find It truly baffling that major crypto youtubers just look mostly at pure T.A and completely ignore the bigger narrative of why BTC is pumps/pumped and why the future outlook will be even rosier than it seems. It's kinda irresponsible to ignore the fact that each ETF launch so far has caused a major dump at the peaks of BTC. We were already on shaky footing with historically low volume and almost pure whale pumps,narrowly avoiding a long-term bear market. More emphasis should be put into day tradiing as it is less affected by the unpredictable nature of the market. I have made over 12 btc from day tradng with *WTRADE INSPECTS* insights and charts. They been one step ahead of other analysis..	0
3:43 the fact Im eating oranges right now ??????	1
This woman is unbelievably amazing - I want a PhD in taste and I want her to be my professor - Im a lawyer and after this ONE video Im prepared to quit and pursue taste ??	2
"Loved this as someone who previously studied to be an audiologist in the past. Also just love all of the ""expert answers"" videos on this channel. Thanks WIRED and Dr. Emily!"	2
"If you liked the video and want to see more like this here are some things you can do to make sure it happens:
???? Share the video
???? Check out Nebula & Curiosity Stream
???? Like and Comment"	2
he is the type of biology teacher that would be able to easily hold the attention of any classe just by the way he speaks so excited about things	2
"This helped me so much, my friend who is a genius when it comes to school education and he used this to get a basic foundation of where I am so we know where to start, thanks so much, you gained another sub! Keep up the great work! (:
I know its a lot of work but I would love to make a very in depth video, one for each of the subjects you mentioned in this video!"	2
"*10:32*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
Music is nice	2
"If she thinks a couple of inappropriate jokes over the course of 9 years  is a ""harrowing experience"", she must live a very sheltered life."	0
"The part of estimating the time needed reminds me of the agile development method of estimating so called ""story points"" to tasks to put them in relation to each other compared to the ""size and complexity""."	1
Me encanta el detalle que muestra como ella rompe la cuarta pared, en los cmics fue el primer personaje de marvel en hacerlo, si, incluso antes que deadpool	1
In a few years when you have millions of subs, I'll be glad to call myself an OG	2
Okay that's impressive. Let's see a motorcycle race now! ?????	2
"At the beginning they mention the oceans stagnating but I find that troubling with the effects of the Moon & plate tectonics. Wouldnt they have had a more significant impact on the Earth? I get confused when our land mass was a combined continent but theres no mention of that as a factor in these earlier extinctions (or are we meant to know that ourselves?) Also, there wouldve been more frequent meteor impacts at that time too, although theyd be harder to prove.
But I wouldnt know, Im certainly no expert on the subject, I just rely on logic."	0
"I have watched Sarah Ikumu's performance of ""And I Am Telling You"" who knows how many times now, and she blows me away EVERY SINGLE TIME.  Just spectacular!"	2
"The doc is absolutely brilliant and an eye-opener. 
Thank you for it and more, please.
Many thanks."	2
Nice.	2
Doing that algorithm on an unsolved cube 6 times will just put it in the same unsolved state	1
"Maaaaaan, the way you explain stuff makes me feel like this is something reachable, despite of its level of complexity. You make it sound, somehow, easy. Not because it is, but because you suggest a self development path for those who want to learn on their own. There are many out there who put themselves on a superior position, maybe caused by their formal-education ego, but for some reason you must follow their same steps, which means you'll never be as awesome as they are. 

Thanks for breaking it down for humans. Big hug from Argentina, and keeping on rocking with that good work ????"	2
There's been a lot of ups and downs in 2021, let's keep our fingers crossed that 2022 will hopefully improve for the ones who went through tough times. Have a happy new year!	2
These are really great ideas! Please continue these unlike your silly ones recently. Thank you and God bless you!??	2
Anh sinh t?n cng kia ra MC ?i ??o hoan ?i anh	1
What a great job you all have! Giving money away makes you money. Who would have thought? Thank for helping people, and bringing a smile to so many faces.	2
losiento chicos no hey tus vdeos puerpue no tena internet lamento mucho perdname porfabor eres mi idolo y fan nmero uno ????????????????????????????????????	2
"Bubgames: chaotic evil
Potato: chaotic good"	1
My advice as someone who just graduated with a CS degree and was also a peer tutor is to take the time to do your work and understand the code that you're writing. Too many times I see people slap shit together and then wonder why it doesn't work	0
I love how transparent and motivating you are, keep it up I'm supporting u  ????	2
Just popping in to say CrashCourse is helping me survive biology class. I've learned more from one video than I have in the 1 1/2 month of class so far.	2
Tear drop on the floor youll get your feelings mopped ??	1
Great video Tina! Loving the minimize input maximize output (MIMO) series. My step into the world of data was from a non-technical (biology) background and persistence and grit was probably one of the most important thing because it took quite some time to digest the coding or algorithmic concepts. I also resonated with your prior MIMO video on learning data science particularly on learning just enough and start doing projects. I also leveraged data science to solve biology data problem (that helps to make a positive impact in this video) which at the time was a novel thing. I repeated this cycle for solving various biology data problems and before you know it, topics that I used to get stuck on became less intimidating and started to sink in. Your persistence through 200 SWE roles is very inspirational ??	2
He definitely the baby making music of this generation	2
I truly enjoyed getting to know Elon more.  Thank you for such a great talk.	2
I like how some of the actual protesters are still joking around with him.	1
Subscribe to me and Ill build you a surprise! #BeemTeam	2
"My predictions (will edit after I get results):

Reading/writing: 710-740
Math: 790-800
Overall: 1500-1540

Edit 1 (a few hours after taking the test): Feel really confident about the math section, reading was way easier than usual, and writing had a bunch of easy questions but had a few that I couldn't figure out the differences (parts of sentence replacement, not grammar)

Edit 2 (1-2 months after taking the test): yea... I forgot about where I left this comment. Anyways I took two SATs, march 2nd school day and march 12th.

2nd: r/w 750, math 790, overall 1540
12th: r/w 760, math 800, overall 1560
superscore the same as 12th

honestly surprised with reading/writing, especially the reading section. I missed 1 reading on the 2nd (but that was 40 subsection so didn't matter) and 4 on the 12th. 5 writing on 2nd and 1 on writing.

Math I missed 1 question due to not reading carefully and 1 because I didn't know how to do it on the 2nd, but perfect score on the 12th.

if I got the reading section of the 2nd and the writing section of the 12th on the same day, I could have a score of 1590.

definitely not taking the SAT again"	2
"Props to the person who thought of ""Tik Talks"". Really witty."	2
I'm rated 1800-2000 in puzzles/tactics....and only 1200-1300 in games.  I always am getting caught in terrible positions and find myself blundering often and/or in terrible positions.  You are pumping out some solid content my man! ??   this video hit home for me and I'm hopeful after some opening study, I can begin to correct my mistakes and find myself in better positions.  Thank u ??  great vid	2
Your businesses will make you rich but your investments will make you wealthy. The future is inevitable. I pray everyone here becomes extremely successful.	2
Something you could use the Gan 356is for is: switch the cores and pieces around with different cubes like the WRM or the X	1
Imagine someone spying you through Minecraft ??	1
Hey Candy!!! Good seeing you today! I love a good hot dog. We have a place here in Raleigh called Char grill and they make the absolute best hamburgers and hot dogs ever!!!!!! Sending you huge hugs gf!!!!!	2
I usually skip the sponsors but this guy puts so much effort into making his sponsorship announcements so fun I can't help but watch	2
The eff is what I said immediately. Denuvo does not stop piracy! It kills game performance.	0
"you can literally buy almost everything in indonesia's street food with $100.


and of course, they taste AWESOME."	2
Words are not enough to appreciate what you present in your channel, I do believe you are number one in programming.	2
Eggs were the last form of inexpensive protein available at the grocery.  Government incompetence and indifference is literally taking food off your family's table at this point.	0
Let's take the moment to appreciate how much effort he puts into the content for us ... ?	2
"You have figured out a way to combine howtobasic (sorta), beluga, and cubing, and I respect that. You have earned a sub

Edit: wow I have never gotten this many likes on a comment. Thank you all!"	2
"_Life is like a game of chess, Changing with each move_

~ *Nikita K Gope*"	1
Dinho parabns pelos o contedos, notcias e  claro pelo tempo gasto pra deixa todos por dentro de tudo no mundo xbox, o MAIS XBOX ESTA DE PARAB?NS ??????????	1
Shane - thank you for what you do! It is very helpful. Could you do a video on benefits on minoring in computer Science	2
"23:23 Hermosa eleccin ?? Likeex.Uno de los mejores conciertos ??


23:23  Senada: ""Hermoso""
23:23  Megan: ""Hotter""
23:23  Hopi: ""Sweeter""
23:23  Joonie: ""Cooler""
23:23  Yoongi: ""Butter""
23:23  Amor: ""Momentos""
23:23  Alfiora: ""Preety""
23:23  Alana: ""Awesome""


23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente ??. ZyX
hay nomas pa ra reirse un rato y no estar triste y estresado por la vida dura que se vive hoy... ??"	2
Oh WOW great sounds and impressive pictures ?? so great to just switch off, relax and escape from everyday life. Should really be done regularly. Thank you - great work and all the best ??????	2
When one parent doesn't want their child to read a certain book they can fill out a form so no child in the school can read it. That sounds more like indoctrination than education. Instead of removing the book from the whole school they should just disallow that one student access to the book.  Sorry Johnny, you can't check out that book because your parents said so!	0
Even though the movie is a remake, it's one of all time greats. Sure, some plot twists are naive, and the fighting/effects don't stand to contemporary cinematography, but everything else is simply brilliant, starting with the original score, all the way to the moral lessons the movie brings. A true inspiring masterpiece.	2
Liz Cheney you are loved and admired, a role model for the country both dems and reps.  You are a special human being, smart and strong.  God bless you.	2
1:26 he did Ronaldo Dirty right there ??	0
I love how he gives away money and customized electronics to people in need and I fully support that??	2
THANK YOU	2
Nice one Zoe. Great job. Keep us up to date on the latest computer programming news. Great job. ??????	2
Einfach 10/10 kein Witz. Komplette Aufmachung, die kleine Story Line dazu, das Design. Richtig Krank, wnsche dir viel Erfolg fr den n?chsten Versuch!	1
11:52 soup got that McDonald theme laugh	1
Love from bidar bhaiya	2
"-Music that isn't obnoxious
-No Numbers
-No Annoying narrator
-Actually pretty cool tricks
-Not clickbait


A+, my guy(s). Love it."	2
How is this uncensored but still censored!	0
Don't care what anyone says, an orchestra puts so much more oomph and power behind a song like this.. Now it's on a completely different level ??	2
"""He didn't believe he was doing anything wrong by refusing to turn over these documents "" 
Who in their right mind would want such a weak minded person that refuses to listen to advisors as president"	0
This kid is going to own an NFL team by the time he's 30. Definitely learning from him and I'm 46. Good for him.	2
Even though i never had a 360 itll always be iconic cause I remember going to friends house or my cousins house and booting it on to play minecraft or halo	2
Thanks for another great vid so interesting but damn I'm so glad there's a screen between me and most of these animals	2
Dear Alex... In 2 or 3 years from now I will look back at what I have achieved and I am pretty sure your channel will be one of the things I will be more grateful for... Thank you for all the important information you share here!! All my admiration from a Venezuelan young student living in Europe! :)	2
We need the under $100 for August as well!! This is the best series out there????	2
For anyone considering the Vaultek LifePod (3:00), there is a video on the LockPickingLawyer channel where he opens the safe with a fork. Don't waste your money.	1
"If you are going to use Shopify to start a business use this link to get it for $1 for 3 months 

https://shopify.pxf.io/sebb

Shoutout to Shopify man."	1
Would love to see an update video with gala new developments. ??	2
si hay a alguien a quien le crea que puede transformar el mundo es a este se?or, Grande Elon Musk!	1
Que gusto escucharte de nuevo ?????	2
So complicated ??... please make every thing more simple	1
"""Last but definitely not least... For the first time on the big screen... Namor the Submariner""

I feel like most people won't really understand how historic that line from Coogler is. Also shows he really understands the depth of the character and I'm so happy for it"	2
A really good western movie.	2
For the first glitch, there is an easier way, put any leaves on jungle leaves and then just look through the top leaves	1
I remember watching a documentary about how the area of West Africa had become a dumping ground for used/unwanted clothes from Europe and the Americas; more specifically the North Americas. I was totally shocked and had no idea about this. Villagers would sometimes travel for several miles on foot, sometimes with their kids, to pick through this clothing waste to sell into their communities and earn money. Most of it just became literal mountains of clothes on the beaches and wherever.	0
The fact that Rhett doesnt like big shrimp then proceeds to choose it at the end makes me laugh. He knew it was fancy	1
love the part where his teleprompter goes off and he looks briefly to his far left then starts reading off a paper on his desk instead.	2
"Sad to see that in the name of entertainment we are spending so much on Theater tickets that these actors are demanding 25+ Crores for a movie. Even highly educated Proffesionals (CA's, Engineers, Doctors, Civil Servants etc) do not earn this kind of money in India after 10 year of service. 

A simple logic, if theses actors (Including the Kumars, Khan's, Devgans, Kapoor's, Roshans, etc) start charging 10 to 50 lac per movie,  the theater ticket price will drop automatically and eventually we can start enjoying movie in the theaters with our families at a much lesser price.

These Superstars have built their mansions worth 100+ Crores and secured the life's of their children and grandchildren. They are living king-size life with our hard earned money. I believe we better stick to OTT or any other form of free entertainment which is easily available on YouTube or any other app"	0
JW4  is gonna be EPIC. Ive the feeling that its going to be one of the best action films of the decade	2
One of the only things I still remember from high school physics...shaking the bottle doesn't increase the pressure, it allows the gas to more easily separate from the liquid.	1
"Loving our neighbors cuisines. Much
Love ?? from ????."	2
"Me (Beginner):  Movin a pown 2 steps 

Gm: hes traying the harscan taktic on me

Me: moves a secound pown 

Gm: No way he switched from harscan tactic to the dubbel pown menuever 

Me: who has no idea What i did feeling my self"	1
Youre such a good person and youve done so much for these people	2
"The only good thing is that Powell seems to be more level minded than predaccesors,  and it looks like he will raise interest rates aggressively based on his discussions. He seems determined to get inflation under control,  irrespective of falling asset values. He might just be the knight in shining armour who comes to the rescue just at the right time. 

Although he messed up with inflation peaking he is the only one who makes sense at the fed."	2
"I used your project-based learning approach from last year's video to learn data science. After 15 months and 700 hours of learning (no online courses, just individual studying), I landed as job as a mid-level data scientist in financial fraud detection. Thank you! This video is spot-on. Especially your emphasis of building a roadmap and systematically updating it as you grow.

2 not-obvious study habits which I found helpful:
1. I kept multiple projects open so that after I went through a topic (e.g. feature selection), I could implement it in multiple projects.
2. For each topic in my roadmap, I kept a date of when I last implemented the technique in a project. This helped me identify important topics which I had covered a while ago and might have partially forgotten, so that I could refresh my knowledge/skills."	2
Ill never forget the devastating story of the Judge whos information was posted on-line, and consequently her teenaged son was murdered when he answered the door at their home. This is not acceptable!	0
Just stunning that the party once proud of standing with the military and for law and order just voted against helping veterans and now shows disrespect and  distain for the law and those who serve. Shame on them.	0
I Can see why he is a good lawyer from just this short interview.  He side stepped politics, he side stepped Trump and he side stepped angering Trump's followers ?? ??  all the while being respectful to everybody. He is in a different class and not a mud slinger . He has his own reputation to think about. Smart and honest people don't get involved with Trump.	1
Keep going you're doing a great job	2
"I love animal videos, but this one has some flat out incorrect information. Elephants for example do not find humans ""cute"". Spreading that kind of information is what leads people to underestimating an animal and getting themselves hurt. Wild animals are just that - wild. They can be socialized, but that does not mean tame or domesticated."	0
"I love your videos! I think you would be intrigued  to hear or perhaps you are already aware  that there is an ancient  record that was unearthed in the 1820's in Palmyra,  New York that was inscribed  in reformed Egyptian by ancient  Israelites. They crossed over the seas from Jerusalem around 600 BC and landed on what they described to be  a narrow neck of land (most likely in Panama). They left their records behind for us and their records spoke of Jesus Christ visiting them after his resurrection.  They multiplied their seed and spread North and South and fought many battles over the  North and South American continents which were considered their new ""Promised land"".  Thus the signs of Christ written with Hebrew origin that you examined would be accurate. There is another record which has been discovered in Panama much like the one discovered in Palmyra, New York. It is a gold set of plates with ancient Egyptian and Hebrew origins as well. Perhaps you could examin the Panama gold plates to see if they are authentic?"	2
This song should be listened while driving at full speed....LOVE THIS SONG........:)	2
Thanks for the video....now i realise why education is so important...i have read and studied about abraham maslow but yet i cnt figure it out myself not until now....	2
Thankyou for the effort you put into your videos. You spend thousands on each video just for your fans. Respect ?	2
I used to play MCEE in school all the time before the pandemic! Even though my teacher probably hated me and all the kids that played games during class, I couldn't help but notice all the anazing things in this version of Minecraft, I basically forgot all about it until I watched this video. It was basically free as it's obtainable to anyone with a school laptop. The laptops were on a LAN so we'd be able to join other player's worlds like parkour, hungergames, or minigames.	2
"BNB performs well but is very centralised. The chain is great and easy to use.
Other cex tokens are doing well also"	2
Who still here in 2022!? Rhythm and Blues = Love and Balance. We need it??????????	2
the art is so relaxing	2
i Am Leaving a Comment Here As a Reminder So That Whenever Someone Likes This Comment And i Get a Notification & i Come Here To Listen This Masterpiece Again	1
The less people going into computer science, the more the people calling me a genius.	0
Funny mistakes hahaha. Thanks for sharing. Watching from philippines.	2
Hey Richard, I am happy to say I got my foot in the door of a new industry that I love all thanks to you and your tips!	2
12 Years of 1D why so hard to move on this, seriously being fan is always an history never forget how one direction are so cool in the band always,, miss you luv you proud 1D	2
very nice mix	2
I want to get disced games so I can play them in 20+ years but for the rest ye I agree. I'd still get a ps2vr for under 1k. Knowing Sony they'll charge a price that's competitive but makes them money. I think about 500-600$. But I'm sure they did their research and went with what they thought makes them the most money.	1
Bro mene Aim improve ke upper video daali hai please check ,........................	1
There's something so disturbing about Crystal and Chuck other than neglecting Evan.	0
That boat pod looks a lot like a saiyan space capsule. I need one. Lol	2
I never truly understood the difference between weight and mass until I heard your explanation. Thank you.	2
You know the videos good when 6 years later the sense of humour is still relevant	2
2 videos 2 consecutive days, impressive!!	2
Notice how Lazy has a girl skin in minecraft ??	1
"Yon tr bel fim
Mwen vreman renmenl"	1
"Hi, how is your day ? I know we are stranger, but I just wanna say :"" Have a good sleep, everything is gonna be alright (????????)? ?????????"	2
Your videos are sooo entertaining Luke! And I like how you don't force people to like the video! (I liked it)	2
I am a Taiwanese chem teacher and I really need to give big applause to you.	2
I gotta say hats off to all the animators and editors that made this masterpiece.	2
This was an incredible video. I didn't know about glass instead of dead coral fan or mud for sugar cane!! Thank you so much!	2
These kid cops are out of control ??	0
Never in my life did I think I'd see an announcement of a Secret Wars adaptation. Really eager to see the best comic book storyline of all time getting a live action adaptation. ????	2
Completely agree, as a data scientist in telco company most of time what i needed i just SQL to retrieve data, Tableau to make quick insight, Python with Jupyter Notebook to build model and experiment with dataset after assessing from data insight and business knowledge.	1
Wow  the best challenge   5m I can't wait coming soon ????	2
To amando muito ????????	2
the picture makes me feel so safe and comforted and at peace ... then again, that basically sums up the lofi community lol thanks for another great mix! love u guys ?	2
This song is the sole reason I chose chemistry for a senior subject. Please pray for me....	2
As a Law and Order franchise fan, I appreciate the beginning of this clip	2
Hey Mosh, your contents and teaching style  are straightforward and easy to follow. It would be great help if you do some tutorials based on medical imaging (CT,MRI) data! I am having difficulties in dealing with those. Thank you!	2
A chaque fois que je me connecte  une de tes vido y a de plus en plus. Dabonns signe de qualit ?a ??	2
thanks a lot MIT. If it is possible,could you make the videos of 18.04 Complex Variable with applications?I really want to watch that course.Thank you very much.??	2
This interview was so insightful. NLE is really ahead of his time. The part where he talked about feeling stuck hit on a different level. Thank you for being inspiring! ????	2
"Bobs commentary made this video feel like a mockumentary ??
Also seeing vlog style Nintendo content recorded in NYC took me back to the CND & Etika days man ?????? such good times"	2
This is a great video. Something I enjoyed was the background. Not too much to get distracted by, and you had a good presentation :)	2
Hello Alex, I currently hold a masters in healthcare informatics. I am having trouble finding a job in my field. I am wondering if I should be focusing on data scientist or data analyst. I dont have much experience when it comes to SQL, Python etc . I am wondering if I should consider enrolling in a data analytics Boot Camp. What are your thoughts?	0
Hes playing in goal for my team any day. However many legs hes got. I dont care. I love this man	2
A lot of people seem to misinterpret the meaning. Its saying that you can't leave me, even if you want to, you can't stay away from me. Dont deny the fact that even if we should stay away from each other, you want me, you love me. Its about a toxic relationship that just won't die because of the raging sexual tension and romance they can't escape from	0
I honestly hope that beginning part with the Dun Dun is actually the intro for the  whole series.  Cause that's hilarious	2
Greg is like the drunk uncle at thanksgiving ??	0
"Bonsai are also easier to store than a fully grown tree, so it playes a part in preservation.

You could have a full metal rack of 20 bonsai but not a single full tree would fit there"	1
Smoke Chill - Lofi hip hop mix ~ Stress Relief, Relaxing Music	1
I like when they said you got nothing to trade , are you a good fighter ?????? lol good transition	2
"You can appreciate the great transformation this man has made along his journey through and away from a violent path towards one of great meaning and value offering guidance to the youth of today based on his own past life experiences.

The openness and honesty on display here is admirable, as is the bravery to tell his story and fully embrace the opportunity to give back and evolve positively towards an ever brighter future strengthening not only himself but offering that solid support, strength and dependability also outwardly to help and guide others."	2
Glad to finally see this ancient battle get its time in the spotlight and hope in the future to see more Bronze Age videos from this channel	2
"Isnt he the legal parallel to Donnies doctor?

Why do we give him weight?

Why am I watching you ask someone to speculate? Am I incapable of doing so, on my own?"	0
Good vid I now understand what happening with this lawsuit bs	1
2021 definitely took a toll on my mental health. It has been a continuous journey to learn healthy coping mechanisms, talking to professionals and just letting myself feel the things I feel	1
"Ann, I'm 47 and when I was little my mom would take me to the public library. There was a wonderful woman that would read stories to the children and give the adults time to find what they needed. She would read fantasy books with dragons and fairies, it was such an amazingly positive time in my life. You sound just like her and when you are making something or saving something you give me that same feeling of wonder and joy watching you work your ""magic""! This is one of the best channels on all of YouTube, thank you Ann for everything you do!"	2
Pragg and Carlsen are making the best games in the whole tournament!	2
Movie ka collection itna jyada isliye hai kiu ki north m boycott ho raha hai aur south wale support kar rahe hai wo vijay ko  support krne ke liye theater ja rahe hai ..baki movie achi hui to chalegi hi	1
they look amazing!! the stage presence in their dancing!! they do it the perfect amount to look elegant, smooth, and powerful. and the backup dancers tooo!! great performance :)	2
No one can stop this two legends??	2
If you allow young people to be inquisitive, creative and self-reliant, they will educate themselves throughout their adult lives. Childhood should be seen as a sacred phase of development and education as a means of the individual to empower themselves, as and when they choose to; not a punishment to be inflicted upon the unwilling until they are ready to enter the ranks of workers, bureaucrats and managers.	1
The finest movie ever. All that you cant resist. All that parents taught me, all I adored, all that and more.	2
I read this in a weird but true book at school and it said that they made it big enough to be seen from space so it is NOTHING strange. It's face might creep you out a bit but that's all.	1
"*black moves pawn to a6*
me: good move
eric: ok this is the first big blunder"	0
Me ayud a hacer mi dibujo de bf y gf :D	2
Good Nice music	2
"Despite being a brony, I find this hilarious.

Though I find the CARTOON HORSE PROGRAM!! funny also, so, there's not accounting for taste I guess.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0f2TDqUp1U"	2
I used to listen to lo-fi because i was depressed. I got rid of depression but i still listen to lo-fi because it makes me go to a whole different dimension.	1
"[Verse 1: nublu]
One's a company
Two's a crowd
Three's a party
Come on, move around
Like the first rush
When the school is out
When the booze is up
And the sun is down

[Pre-Chorus: GAMEBOY TETRIS & nublu]
Enjoy the ride
Got some pillows in the Chevy, ey
Slide or die
Layin' low, hittin' heavy, ey
(Heavy, heavy)
Take your time
Let me know when you're ready, ey
Couple months
I've been messing with you steady, ey
(Steady, steady)

[Chorus: GAMEBOY TETRIS]
I'm open for plans tonight
Lost in the afterglow
Oh, girl your love for m
Keeps calling me
So I'm calling you
Lord give me lov to find
I long for your company
Oh, girl your love for me
Is a part of me
My biology

[Post-Chorus]
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah

[Verse 2: nublu]
It won't be over 'till the fat lady sings
I owe you a trip
'Cause me and you
We got a thing
My sunshine state
Hair curly like a string
Just a big old, ooh, smile
That's 'bout all you gotta bring

[Pre-Chorus: GAMEBOY TETRIS & nublu]
Enjoy the ride
Got some pillows in the Chevy, ey
Slide or die
Layin' low, hittin' heavy, ey
(Heavy, heavy)
Take your time
Let me know when you're ready, ey
Couple months
I've been messing with you steady, ey
(Steady, steady)

[Chorus: GAMEBOY TETRIS]
I'm open for plans tonight
Lost in the afterglow
Oh, girl your love for me
Keeps calling me
So I'm calling you
Lord give me love to find
I long for your company
Oh, girl your love for me
Is a part of me
My biology

[Bridge: GAMEBOY TETRIS]
  
    
  ?( ,   ?)
Oh, ooh-woah, woah, ooh-woah
  
  
  
Oh, ooh-woah, woah, ooh-woah

[Chorus: GAMEBOY TETRIS]
I'm open for plans tonight
Lost in the afterglow
Oh, girl your love for me
Keeps calling me
So I'm calling you
Lord give me love to find
I long for your company
Oh, girl your love for me
Is a part of me
My biology

[Outro: GAMEBOY TETRIS &?nublu]
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
(Peeps in the back)
Yeah
(Keep it rolling like a ball)
Yeah
(Late in the night)
Yeah
(Waitin' waitin' for a call)"	1
This is what happens when Godi media mistakenly invite an intelligent spokesperson from another party. Dho daala anchor ko well done anna ????	1
"I died when Boosie said "" I'm not finished ""??????"	0
Magnus the bandit!	1
While it is a good idea to seamlessly blend tutorial and initial gameplay, I still have a soft spot for stuff like the Hazard Course in Half-Life, which is an in-universe training grounds for people to get familiar with the HEV Suit, and in turn the game and its mechanics.	2
Even with the current dip in crypto currencys, Im so happy I can still smile back at my portfolio of $71,280 built from my weekly trade??, Im having my 4th withdrawal in 10business days ????	2
For the platform game, just have each person make a prolonged sound while slowly going and laying down on the platform. That way, you can easily tell if theres a wall between you and them by whether the sound changes :)	1
Who wants to meet SSSniperWolf ?? ??	2
"Linus: ""This is not a table.""
Also Linus: Let's use this as a chair!"	1
"Level 1 : Explains Machine Learning
Level 2 : Explains Machine Learning
Level 3 : Explains Machine Learning
Level 4 : Explains Machine Learning
Level 5 : Chat"	1
Thank God this song got the extra attention it deserved.  Great track.	2
I've been waiting for this one since you did the first. I'm so conflicted. I spent most of my life using Top Gun as an example that not all great movies need a sequel, then the bastards made one, and then they added insult to injury by making it so fucking good lol.	0
"Get Early Access to Videos and be the first to comment ? http://bit.ly/BestEverPatreon
Follow on Instagram for more fun food videos! @BestEverFoodReviewShow"	2
What was your favorite personal finance tip from the video?	1
I respect to everyone who involved in this. Seriously the best piece that I've ever seen on YouTube, HATS OFF TO WELL ALL! LOVE YOUR VIDEO; ????	2
I loved the Garret in this video. He had SOOOOOOO much energy.	2
"Sony : play has no limits
Ps5 stock : are u sure about that"	1
I love it so much it's really good ??	2
Life was great when this song came out. I had no bills! ????????	2
Hi anh	1
It still amazes me how adult professionals continue to make excuses for the former POTUS -let alone, an adult who behaves more like a bad child than a Leader of the Free World.	0
"Me standing here with the 3 tennis balls I bought specifically to learn to juggle with 
????????"	1
The airline realness here is out of this world. The white china, the way the food is plated, the picture on the back wall.... It's just outstanding.	2
Whack that like button and I wont fire manny today!	0
"""Our smallest is bigger than their largest""
And we took it personally"	1
Hi Kristen. In your videos you've talked about grounding your furniture by using a large rug which looks great. What if I have carpet? Is there anything I would need to incorporate to make the furniture appear grounded in this situation? ??	2
Im hoping Jeanne plays more of a role in this game. Its going to be the first time that shell be active throughout the story without being mind controlled. She really only appeared in the prologue and epilogue last time.	2
Bro sonic mod play panga	1
1:37 I'm Turkish but the man speaks so fast that I couldn't understand my native language ??	0
The presenter here delivers his knowledge succinctly. He IS the example of what he is teaching. Thank you for a concise,  no extraneous lesson.  It is has been immensely helpful.	2
Remember its only federal loans and those parents with less than stellar credit scores could not get federal loans.	0
The disrespect these kids had for pagemaster and the iron giant is crazy smh	0
"""nowadays we all know cash rules everything around us""
That hits a little harder than it should have"	0
It's not the first major apple security flaw. They had one before where if you started a group call with two other phones and answered on one of them the other phone would join automatically without the person even doing anything, so all you needed was 2 phones and someones phone number to use their phones camera and audio.	0
I see a lot of comments from people upset about next gen games not really happening yet...we can't really blame Microsoft for that though. We have to look at the devs and ask them why they're continuing to support older hardware instead of trying to focus on the newer ones. Most likely to due with the limited availability the last couple of years but still. Now is the time they should be focusing on Series S/X	1
Oh my god, THANK YOU for clearly explaining how each logic gate is physically represented in an electrical circuit.  A lot of that abstraction makes it really daunting and hard for dummies like me to get it through our thick heads.	0
This song never gets old. No matter how much I listen, I never get bored.	2
It's tragic that someone loses their life like that... but don't forget that one violence is the cause of another violence. The young woman's father propagated violence, and now it came back to him with violence against his family..... use your brain, violence is always the worst option!	0
"""An education that prepares learners for life after school"" I would really love to see this. In my country, we are trained to seek jobs, so may graduates are frustrated by the education system. Most of them end up studying by staying in school all their lives as a defense mechanism. Our education needs to teach the mind, heart and hands for us to be a bit more successful."	1
pls add this on spotify!!????	2
Just an ordinary conversation between a boss and an employee, love it!	2
"Pedro Pramo by the Mexican writer Juan Rulfo is one of the masterpieces of Latin American literature, it is considered the novel that inaugurated the literary subgenre of ""Magical Realism in Latin America"".
Juan Rulfo's work finally gave me the path I was looking for to continue with my books, Colombian Nobel laureate Gabriel Garca Mrquez confessed in an interview."	2
I worked at a large Grocery Store for 4.5 years. Upstairs in the break room they had a soda and two candy/ chip vending machines. They were owned by a local outside company that did a TON of vending machines in this area.. I asked the GM... why not spend a couple grand and SAVE a tone of money, we are a grocery store, WE sell everything in these, and could cut the cost in half and still make a profit. She agreed and walked away.	1
"Gordon Ramsay : *Uses a strainer to clean the rice*

Asian Grandmas : *wEaK*"	1
"duggee is getting super well trained! ??

i love it when mr. bounce stops in the middle as if he freezes in time ?? also when he looks to his dad as if saying ""yes, thats a delicious meat dad. i cant stop chewing. omoshiroi"""	2
"Me alegra mushisimo volverte a escuchar ?? recuerden las maneras de apoyarlo,
Dejando su like ??
Suscribirse ?
Compartiendo  el videito ??
Comentando
Y si es posible dar gracias y unindose a la membresa ???"	2
Me encanta!! ????	2
Un crossover entre DC y Marvel es ...prematuro sin que antes DC tenga pilares slidos.  Y con pilares slidos me refiero a afianzar los personajes principales personajes (y no, un Black Adam que NO es un villano ni un hroe sino todo lo contrario...no es uno de ellos, ni tan siquiera se parece a su contrapartida del cmic )...	1
"Great introduction. Question: is it always the case that humans need to input the potential features that are used for classification? For instance, the ML algorithm uses the animal's height, length, and face size as features for classification, with computer vision being used to map images to these features. Do some ML algorithms create these features and features maps automatically, or are these always created outside of the algorithm? 

PS: What did you use to create this video, it looks great :)"	2
Vermont is getting rain and thunder right now at 1:00 pm...Burlington VT.	1
8:41 I have seen one of those big spiders in my bathroom when my sister was just about to take a bath, the spider was just hanging on the corner of our wall :((((((	0
I'm about to sleep, good night everyone ?	2
Merci encore de partager ton point de vue ! Bonne journe Herms !	1
"Everytime i saw hans at 0 points i always remember "" chess speaks for itself"""	1
I'm new to crypto currency investment, started with MT5 and I've been making losses trading myself. Any advice please?	1
The best way to get a narcissist is to figure out their weakness and fears. Under the facade of a tough narcissist is a fearful person always seeking to boost their ego	0
"I am an international student,  I have my final high school exams in 5 months and that's the biggest external exam taken in my country and at the same time I have my SATs in 2 months 
I really love your study plan and really hope it will work for me too"	2
his vids are the best when it has that old school vintage feel to it	2
I have been a fan of Dr. Kaku for decades. His knack for breaking down complex subjects into easily understandable terms, combined with a refreshing sense of humor, makes Dr. Kaku a natural teacher and a pleasure to listen to.	2
Magnus playing in Titled Tuesday and Speed Chess Championship?! LETSS GOOOOOOOO	2
Words are not enough to appreciate what you present in your channel, I do believe you are number one in programming.	2
Beautiful music my friend!! Thank you, all the best!	2
I have been using these kernel vector spaces for QML recently and this is one of those mathemagics I honestly adore!	2
"As someone with the correct clearance I can vouch, just like so many of you, that this guy didn't keep them in a place that meets requirements for storage of such materials. Also, lying about all this  is quick dismissal from your clearance. I've seen people fail to get adjudicated for omission of one piece of information they thought wasn't important. One lost it for keeping in touch with their mother who is from China. Their contact with their mother caused them to lose their TS/SCI. Think about that. And this guy and his followers think he did nothing wrong?
The level of failures here by the former president shows he is ill-equipped to handle said documents.
Now it's just one excuse after another.
Day to day with the people who live in the real world of clearance all know that if we did 1% of what he did, we be effed.
Time to put your values you claim into action, Republicans. Don't claim it only when it's convenient."	0
"BLACKPINK NUNCA DECEPCIONA!!!
ELAS D?O TODO O MELHOR DE SI PARA SATISFAZER OS BLINKS, AMO."	1
"``
( ?? )zzz"	1
I would like to say, thank you to all of the historical pioneers that have discovered the building blocks of both,science and mathematics. Each of you are brilliant shining stars.	2
As a data scientist, I would agree with the fact that we are lazy people that want maximum results with minimum effort - and think we can solve any problem given enough data. :D	2
"Just a few things to note about the ""big-oh"" notation discussed in this episode:

In industry, ""big-oh"" notation alone is what is seen when discussing algorithms. However, in academia, it is a bit more in depth. O(n) is instead used to represent an upperbound (in the WORST CASE, what is this problem or algorithm). (n) (pronounced ""big-omega"") is used to represent the lowerbound (in the BEST CASE, what is this problem or algorithm). (n), prounounced ""theta"" (without the ""big"") is used to represent the tightbound (used when the big-oh is equal to the big-omega, which is the exact running time). There is also small omega and small o, but those are rarely used.

Also, we only care about the biggest polynomial when we use this notation. So if a problem takes 5n^4 + 3n^2 + 1 to do, we just say it is (n^4). We drop the coefficient and smaller terms because we only care about what happens when n is really really big.

You may notice that earlier I mentioned algorithm or problem when describing the notation. This is because the it is often used in academia to denote all of the algorithms that exist for a problem. For example, for matrix multiplication of an n x n matrix, we have (n^2), since we know that we at least need to read in n^2 values. This problem currently has O(n^2.3728639) which is the running time of an algorithm created by Francois Le Gall in 2014."	1
You've really focused on the essentials  of the technique, that helped so much! I've tried to learn with other tutorials before, but didn't seem to make any progress. 5 minutes with you and I got it! It worked at once ?? Thank you!	2
I'll be so glad when the whole tRump Drama is over. 5 years of a bad play is too much for any audience member to endure.	0
THE WAY HE USED A FRYING PAN SHOWED ME HOW POWERFUL I WOULD BE WITH IT ????	2
">Odysseus is literally made Calypso's stud
>Forced to have hot divine sex every day for seven years
>Calypso asking him every day to live as an immortal with her
>Odysseus STILL wants to go back to Ithaca and Penelope
>He goes to the water and cries every day looking out towards Ithaca
Odysseus' devotion to his wife and people is superhuman, that's why he's the hero.

some nice piece of information I found on the web"	2
ADORO SEUS V?DEOS , GOSTO DE VER VARIEDADES QUE TRAZ DE FRUTOS DO MAR NO CANAL ! ADOREIII O V?DEO ! GOSTAMOS MUITO DE VER E FAZER ASMR TAMB?M ????????????	2
I'm loving the cyberspace stages and story so far. Nice to see another island in this trailer too! Can't wait to get this at Christmas. Maybe it'll be one of the few games I've 100%'d	2
We want movie with Mahesh Babu??????	2
Im in my earlier 40s. Ive found it difficult to go back and still enjoy many of the games from my youth, but Super Mario World still holds up. I think it will continue to stand the test of time with the ageless gameplay and level design. Its a masterpiece.	2
Can't say anything about this now but original one was a master piece thrill, suspence was top notch. And acting in that by R Madhavan and Vijay setupati was at their best.	2
Excellent material for simple understanding of the basic concepts! Thank you for sharing this material and making it available for free!!	2
We finally found who's been stealing Chandler's luck.	1
Seriously?!	1
I just want a black colour option for the pro, like the iPhone X. It was so much more premium than the graphite.	2
Zozo voc  o melhor youtuber que algum j assistiu voc  o melhor continue mandando vdeos	1
Raffaelzinhu est certo, o Elefante38 estava realmente nas olimpadas, mas n?o jogando, e sim, fazendo a cobertura dela pra gente com muita categoria, porque ele  o Elefante38 e ningum me faz mudar de idia! 	1
Hey everyone just FYI the video is mirrored for you to follow along.	2
When do the two legendaries fuse together to become the almighty Megazord?	1
Good luck sri lanka team win the match ????????	2
I love how accurate his interpretation of Batman's Tumbler was. He says it would only protect from small caliber rounds and something like a rocket propelled grenade would do serious damage. That is exactly what we see destroy the tumbler in The Dark Knight. The Joker uses an RPG in an attempt to kill Harvey Dent and takes out the tumbler in the process.	1
Its scary to think if I were born just 70 years ago- Id be institutionalized permanently for the illnesses that I have.	0
Well done hamza you helped a lot of guys respect	2
"I love these Maps so much, they are pure gold!
Philosophy I imagine is very tough to make but would be extremly awesome too"	2
Filipino food is really sinful. Absolutely hearty, filling, and delicious.	2
i normally prefer slowed songs but sped up songs hitting different lately	1
one of the biggest things i had against this game was the lack of Mii's but its nice to see that they're here. I will definitely buy this game!	2
The best way to confuse the enemy is to confuse yourself -sun tzu probably	1
"United have 2 big transfer problems right now

1   literally everyone in Football knows how bad   the situation is  at United  and it means  alot of good players are simply going to refuse to go here regardless how much money we offer them Haaland is a good example 

2  the players we can get  the Clubs they play for know  how desperate we are and are naturally gonna jack up the price  to get as money money as possible"	0
Interesting. My learning style is: slow.	2
I just bought the AR3. I want to thank you a billion times for helping me tremendously. I used this tutorial from your AR73 and in some cases some of the stuff I had to move around a bit to find because Sony has moved it in the menus, but I will for sure be getting a good nights sleep tonight thanks to you! Just became a full time subscriber! Thank you thank you thank you!	2
Kamal ke business ideas h sir ji	1
Perfect example of age doesn't matter if you have knowledge <3. Nicely done bro	2
Want to beat the SAT in just 10 minutes a day? Get your Everydae personalized study plan. ? https://www.everydae.com/	1
The amount of effort this guy puts in his videos is insane	0
Apple es smbolo de calidad, saludos cordiales lder Kristoff	1
"Great vid! On the ""controversial"" tip, I agree keep your code readable! But I'd argue this is more about naming properties and functions, and not cramming too much on one line. Replacing !variable with variable == false leans towards being overly verbose to me (I would read !variable as ""not variable"" personally), but whatever makes it easier for you to understand your own code when coming back to it"	2
Wait but it was his fans that wanted them unveiled.	1
Ou loki eu adoro  seus videos de cajus	1
Glad those people who take that server seriously don't go outside their room.	1
I normally do not like LONG intros (and 9 minutes is EXTREMELY LONG)...but this is great... if the rest of the movie is this good.... wow!	2
About earplugs at concerts - there are a variety of frequency-balanced earplugs that protect your hearing while preserving the sound quality of the music (Eargasm and Hearos are a couple of examples). I HIGHLY recommend them!	2
Mario Kart has taught me that nothing is more dangerous than a Banana peel	0
Best content ever???? never seem to disappoint me.??	2
MrBeast sarrtera jamais de nous sortir des vidos bien travailler et avec des concept compltement MASTERCLASS ! ??????	2
Its just the Music and the Visuals in Avatar that gets me everytime, i will definetly watch it in Theatre just for the goosebumps.	2
Love that shes honest about Botox / filler ..etc.. ?? shes very inspiring	2
Would be great if you provide a course playlist for the same from basic to advanced. ????	2
Pay attention to the dumps	1
I, and hopefully other people, would love to see a behind the scene of the making on of these videos!!!	2
"I can confirm that drill sergeants constantly curse at trainees. The whole ""drill sergeants can't swear at people anymore "" myth is bogus"	0
the waterloo campus looks beautiful! really makes me want to visit	2
very nice game sir , bishop G6 is game changing move.	2
Damn.  This was a great interview.  So much respect for the quality and depth of the questions Adam comes up with.	2
"Me: Studies machine learning for an entire semester
Also me: Writes the definition explained to kid on exam"	1
L?u l?m ko xem show VN nh?ng m show ny hay th?t, l?u l?m r?i mnh m?i c h?ng xem show, hng t?ng t7 ?? xem.	1
"0:00 - neuroscience (the way we percieve the functions of the brain)
3:31 - botany (""the death flower"")
6:18 - sleep (new discoveries)"	1
"I love to hear your songs Stebin...
Your voice is so melodious that directly touched our heart ????"	2
Beautiful soulful  music  very calming to my nerves after a long week at work. ??.Here unwinding the weekend	2
How to know your popular on YouTube: gets released 4 hours ago and has a 100k comment's and 3.2k likes. So I say keep up the good work!!!	2
I appreciate the fact that he admits this process is stupidly hard for no reason except... science??	1
As a person who shops on the clearance aisles at stores, I'm loving this documentary. It's an industry not many people think of on a large scale but definitely very profitable.	2
honestly can't thank you enough for this, im just starting off picking an engine and while i'm going to be doing it solo a lot of this advice is helpful beyond just game development. Being a visual artist as well i can actually attest to how important the bit about isolation is, nothing gasses up your motivation like being able to cross pollinate ideas and support each other.	2
"He was a captain?  As a veteran of the US Army, I am appalled that someone in the military would act this way.  I said this before and I'll say it again, ""I am proud to have worn the uniform.  I'm just not proud of who else has.""  Sabatini is a clown and a disgrace to the uniform and the country."	0
La forma de tus cejas son muy bonitas, y gracias por este gran ASMR ?	2
"I love the effect MrBeast has on people. Anyone who wins his challenges or gets free money always says ""any of the extra stuff will be given as gifts or donated""."	2
This is awesome.  Package your stuff into a Udemy teaching course that rewards you for all this shared knowledge and wisdom about ML!	2
I'm excited to see what Apple announces at the event! I'm really hoping for a camera with more than 12 megapixels, I think it would be a game changer for sure especially for photographers like me, all in all I'm excited for the event.	2
I absolutely love history. I enjoyed this so much and have subbed.	2
Personally I think adding a way for the seekers to set bananas' as traps that would show the location of a hider that triggers it might be cool :)	2
MKBHD's clock pointing to 7 and he's talking about Pixel 7, This man never dissapoints with such easter eggs.	1
Its certainly a honour to hear about this  amazing groundbreaking work, but I am even more astounded by his humbleness and honesty. Hats off to you Sir !	2
EU ORO TODA NOITE PRA UMA M?SICA MINHA ESTOURAR, SEI QUE ALGUM DIA DIREI, N?O FOI F?CIL MAIS COSEGUI, ???????? muita f um dia chega o dia ??	2
Sarap ng ulam ninyo mga idol magluto naman kayo ng bicol express na super anghang at pa shout out Gabion family from contod, gubat, sorsogon ??	2
This has got to be the most emotional panel so far. I wasnt even there to watch the full thing but I teared up about 3 different times just by watching this	2
You're so cool steve and g.u.i.d.o	2
This is so rude but funny I feel guilty, lol	0
I have a 22 year old son. He has had two falling outs in his life. Both times, they cussed each other, took a little time apart and eventually made up and became bros again. I have a 17 year old daughter. I've lost count of her falling outs and those girls are dead to her. Half the women my wife considers friends she comes home from hanging out with them and just rags them to obliteration to me.	0
That mountain town is one of the most beautiful places Ive ever seen . The buildings , the scenery, the food, the health of the people. Incredible . Im jealous . That life style seems so simple and fulfilling.	2
"Next one should be ""Not alike"" by Eminem"	1
< first got into BTC back in 2016 and have been hodling/buying assets at different price points since.  I've been through corrections before and will likely experience more over the future.  Volatility is simply the price one needs to pay if they want to play.  I don't have any Alts as I'm a bit of a BTC Maxi, but that said, if BTC hasn't died before, it surely won't do so now.  Stick in there - yes we are all feeling the pain, but over the long run this will just be a blip.  This is how I see past corrections when I felt that I got in at a high (back then I think it was less than $1000 and bouncing all over the place!).  Now when I look back, all I see is regret for not having the courage in buying more at those times. But if you believe BTC has value, then by all means, buy the dips if you can afford to.  For those who got in at 60 or 70K and feeling the crunch:  hang in there.  BTC is not a get rich quick scheme.  Wait it out and you will see:  you will come away stronger.  I buy and just trade long term more than ever, I have made over 11` btc with 3.1btc in just 5weeks from day trading with *WTRADE INSPECTS* , in few weeks this is one of the best medium to backup your assets incase it goes bearish.	1
Chess speaks for itself	1
?? FREE 6 Step Guide To Choose Your Dream Career: https://bit.ly/3JLAEQh	1
"The foods looks so good ??
Love from Maldives ????????????"	2
"""How does this work?""
hmm I don't know why don't you tell m-
""Number two!"""	0
When Im at my house putting this song in the night I see everyone dancing outside in my building ??	2
This was a fun video to watch. I like how you guys broke down your ideas. Y'all compliment each other well.	2
Whoever is doing those motion graphics is just killing it.	0
My heartfelt condolences to the  car	1
The pricing is really good here! Great job Nintendo!	2
"The progress is looking super awesome and impressive! Also spending 3 years behind a single project shows dedication. Really like the features that you showed here especially where the one where the base starts flying. For the enemies A, B and C I actually like all of them. You could use all three and give different functionality to them like one of them are predator and hunts the other two and the player.

@0:45 you could use blender's ""Merge By Distance"" to merge the vertex. I just enable this by default and give the lowest distance value and blender just merges vertex automatically if they are too close like in your one. Saves lot of time.

Keep it up! :)"	2
"( '')?
??Timestamps:
00:01 `
04:15  + 
10:46  1
14:22 `
15:47  2
18:59 `
22:39 v`` 
26:03  (Yeti)
28:52  ?w
32:42  ``
37:39  
40:08   1
44:00  
48:58 ``
53:18 
55:54 `
1:00:18  
1:04:15 `
1:07:56 ` 
1:10:25 
1:15:21 {`
1:20:38 ``
1:27:15  1
1:30:41  1
1:33:18 `
1:35:10 
1:37:40  
1:40:01 `
1:43:45  2
1:46:08 `
1:48:04 
1:51:52 ` 
1:56:57  + ``
2:00:31   2
2:01:52  `
2:06:27 `
2:12:06  3
2:16:48 
2:20:08  (Stellar X2)
2:22:08  + `
2:27:39 ```
2:31:25  (EarPods)
2:34:47  + 
2:39:19 
2:44:03 ``
2:47:37 
2:50:52 ``
2:54:26 ```
3:02:52 
3:10:37  + 
3:19:38  2
3:22:19 
3:28:24  + ` + 

00:01 Preview
04:15 Plastic wrap + Body scrub
10:46 Mic Tapping 1
14:22 Tape
15:47 Mic Tapping 2
18:59 Urethane sponge sheet
22:39 Green coaster Scratching
26:03 Plastic wrap (Yeti)
28:52 Eyebrow mascara Tapping, Lid sound
32:42 Konjac sponge (ear massage)
37:39 Cork Scratching
40:08 Headphones Tapping 1
44:00 Headphones Scratching
48:58 Honey dipper
53:18 Round silicone Brush
55:54 Cat toys (Ball)
1:00:18 Box Tapping
1:04:15 Fluffy mic cover
1:07:56 Wooden spoon Scratching
1:10:25 Wood Tapping
1:15:21 Fake lawn sheet
1:20:38 Vinyl pouch
1:27:15 Plastic bag 1
1:30:41 Mic Brushing 1
1:33:18 Lens pouch
1:35:10 Bubble wrap
1:37:40 Silicone mat scratching
1:40:01 Squeeze
1:43:45 Mic Brushing 2
1:46:08 Paper baking cup
1:48:04 Urethane sponge
1:51:52 Ribbon hair accessory tapping
1:56:57 Plastic wrap + Shaving cream
2:00:31 Headphones Tapping 2
2:01:52 Sponge cushion + Sponge mic cover
2:06:27 Wood beads
2:12:06 Mic Tapping 3
2:16:48 Miniature plastic glasses
2:20:08 Plastic wrap (Stellar X2)
2:22:08 Silicone cleansing pad + Sponge mic cover
2:27:39 Cat massage roller
2:31:25 Plastic wrap (EarPods)
2:34:47 Silicone mat + Silicone cleansing pad
2:39:19 Plastic container
2:44:03 Silicone scraper
2:47:37 Small wood block
2:50:52 Shaving cream
2:54:26 Powder pearls
3:02:52 Blotting papers
3:10:37 Plastic wrap + Vaseline
3:19:38 Crinkle sound
3:22:19 Paper sound
3:28:24 Cork + Wood beads + Cork"	1
Listening and understanding these words at the age i'm in now.. I wonder who actually let me listen to this when i was young	1
I think they are upset from magnus because he is not defending his world championship title because of which they will suffer revenue losses, less people will see ding vs nepo compared to magnus vs nepo. Less ads, less sponsorship, less online viewership etc.	0
"Allu Arjun - stylish dancer
NTR - Speed dancer
Ram Charan - graceful dancer
Allu Arjun and Ram Charan are cousin brothers"	1
I remember singing this song with my mom and now we still sing this song ???? I love his voice ????	2
Choi is always funny when the food is not of his type ????	2
Voc deve estar farta de elogios como de beleza a natureza. N?o quero dizer com isso que s orgulhosa do seu brilho que irradia neste mundo de tanta incerteza. Pra mim voc  como uma flor, que alm de ser bela,  humilde e exala um perfume de suave fragr?ncia com certeza. Creio ser prazeroso para os seus amigos que podem estar ao seu lado somando sua alegria e subtraindo sua tristeza. Cada detalhe que existe em voc foi cuidadosamente desenhado pelo Deus mais que maravilhoso, Dono de toda a nobreza. E, o meu af?  que voc prospere cada vez mais em todos os aspectos da sua vida. Se cuida linda princesa. Jesus te ama!	1
Chris is so funny and truly the meme lord	2
Can we just take a moment to appreciate this guys storytelling?	2
"""Choco mud pie"" ""Mousse cake"" These two are so common across all the Indian fast food chains. Domino's has these, burger king has these even Macdonald's India have these (or if not, one of these are bound to be there)"	1
Would love to travel the  ?? and eat food like Mark. His love for food and the culture and stories behind the dishes, absolutely beautiful	2
Good stuff mate. I'm a new sub. Really enjoying your coverage and delivery.	2
I would love for yall to go to expensive hotels! I want to see yall go to Hawaii for a day, I just think that would be cool!	2
"Absolutely fascinating. 
Thank you, thank you"	2
my momma gave me the business with that belt for singing this ??????	1
English Accent Training with Rachel! www.RachelsEnglishAcademy.com	1
"Reminds me of the first semester of my game design masters, we had a course that was just making a game, in groups of 5. After week 1 of ""production"" everyone presented their current state and this one game just looked amazing. I felt so jealous of how quickly they got their game looking so beautiful, but when the proffessor was giving feedback he asked ""why does it look so pretty?"" as a critique for this exact reason. He seemed almost mad they made things so pretty so early, because it was too early too tell if their idea worked, yet they had spent time making it look amazing."	2
Woah! I didn't realize you made all of these; I thought it was a compilation.  That's super impressive!  Great work! <3	2
I only missed five questions. Im proud of myself. ??????	2
Well, for the first time in his life, hes telling the truth! Pleading the 5th is an admission of guilt that he has committed crimes!	0
Pakistan looks like a such a beautiful place, would love to go there one day and experience it for myself.	2
"If MatPat keeps making foods from viral tiktoks that ended up being at best acceptable, imagine if tiktok showing a recipe for something called ""If MatPat Drinks This He Will Literally Explode Juice"" goes viral."	1
It's crazy to think that we all come from the people that survived that year.	1
I think without E3, it threw off everything for Nintendo. Thats the place for their biggest presentations and since it didnt happen this year Nintendo just decided to quietly chug along until they were ready to share more as things come.	1
He's such a great science communicator. We're lucky to have him.	2
Ohh my god what a teaser definitely this film create a new box office records & Hrithik sir acting was mind blowing ??????	2
"Hey everyone! This is Max from the course - thanks so much for checking it out. :) We've got a ton of free resources over on the blog and my website at codingwithmax.com to help those of you who are curious or want to learn more.

I hope this mini-course gives you a good basic insight into what the term 'data science' exactly entails, and I also hope it piques the curiosity in some of you to look into a career in data science! 

If you want to dive right into it, my full Data Scientist in 10 Weeks course can be found here: https://codingwithmax.teachable.com/p/data-scientist-10-weeks

If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to let me know! I'll definitely hang around here and check for any questions or comments. :)"	2
Wow!! The dessert was the best I have ever tasted in my life!  very good!  perfect ?? I loved it ??????	2
Madeline thank you soo much for your tips! I watched all of your videos and implemented your advice into my interviews. Today I was officially hired as an HR coordinator for a startup. I have 0 experience in HR and am transitioning from a career in healthcare to HR. I think your advice really helped make me shine thank you ??	2
That doffy spitch man , doffy is such a W character, got chills even if its the fifth time im seeing it.	2
Thanks Bri for making these videos. Keep up with the good effort ??????	2
I cant even do a 3x3 and this man is doing 15x15. I dont even have a clue what to do whenever Im solving he just knows all the ways ????	1
Dop i love this song	2
tengo entendido que lo que ya no se podra es a?adir fondos de ninguna manera pero si se podra seguir comprando (si tienes unificados los saldos de 3ds y switch se podra comprar por sea caso)	1
They will absolutely be printing money for the student loan relief lol. You dont think the banks and education systems want their promised loaned money. Yea right. You think theyre just gonna take the hit on this? Yikes! Poor take on that tbh	0
Never imagined ssundee playing chess!!	0
	1
Which of these ANGRY contestants got Simon Cowell to snap? WATCH HERE: https://youtu.be/cD_SCWoDi8Y	0
Im so grateful that you focused on the boring stuff in this video. It was very illuminating. Thanks!	2
Ive started late in life at 58, and Ive been paying for a year now. I decided to get better after I got so angry during lock down playing with my husband, that I felt sooo silly. Then Watching your videos, over and over made a big difference and In the last couple of months Ive had some pretty amazing breakthrough! So thank you!	2
"You know, when I was a kid. I used to think you were cool 
This applies to so many companies and people who turned out to be terrible, Ive honestly lost count."	0
The way you both missed the babys death is hilarious	1
"""""""Let's all appreciate the content of this man and his

crew makes it's just a masterpiece Imagine what's he's gonna doing in the future ????"	2
The information is easily digestible, thanks!	2
This game should work 140% better based on graphics showcase. Devs nowadays are a joke with optimisations lol	2
Thiroda ratha sadaha petrol labadena pamanaya wedikaranu	1
this should be titled how to search for a literature review, not how to write one.	0
To the person who is reading this comment, it's okay, it's alright to feel lonely sometimes, if you are going through tough times, keep pushing through, but never give up. I wish you great success in health, love and happiness!	2
Very relaxing video it helped me sleep.	2
"Chaturanga - chatur means 4; anga means a part/division ??

Edit: chatur also means clever."	2
i love zane lowe, just how genuine he is with harry, listening, not interrupting him, and just respects him so much.	2
I have both PlayStation and Xbox, and I like how this competitive climate is forcing change on both sides. Microsoft was foundering during the last generation, so they introduced Game Pass, which forced Sony to step up their game with PS Plus. Competition ultimately benefits the consumer. Things are getting spicy with these acquisitions, but being on both platforms, I'm content to let them duke it out for my money.	2
when viserys was talking about the winter coming dany's theme was also playing it was so sad ??	0
"as usualy great content and great editing 

??"	2
Mathematics never dies. Programming Languages are rising and decline,  but calculus,  matrices and numerics will exists until the known universe ends	1
They never disappoint!! proud of them all! blackpink is really the revulotion they are purr, but blinks please keep attention for spotify! please stream and listen there too!	2
"Indian queens are legendary, there are several warrior queens throughout the history. There were records by Marco polo an Italian traveler telling stories in Italy about the Queen of Telugu Kakathiyas Rani Rudramadevi Original and Rightful queen to have the Kohinoor aka Shiva Mani which could be the main reason why the England queen has the diamond in her crown still... ??

Many Queens and Kings ruled this great land from all areas it is impossible to know all about them."	1
Thank you for sharing your knowledge I'm learning a lot from this channel its so much helpful .	2
deleted all the thumbs down	0
thanks for all the support!	2
"CS= Software
CE= Hardware+software.
Both can get same jobs. But CE can also get jobs in hardware devolpment."	1
"Thats so easy and fun
??"	2
kalite koktu buralar ya seviliyorsun abimm <3	1
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
We love this thanks for sharing!	2
education is used to separate and maintain the social classes in the States. Rich only chooses the private to avoid public broken system	1
Always love the gentle movements??????	2
this is was far more comprehensive than I expected! so many other channels will throw up python and SQL and will then recommend a boot-camp or moocs. Solid video and thank you very much!	2
"1) ""Stop being selfish""  Audience first
It is not about you, but about your audience.
Cut length, people won't pay attention for a long time

2) ""Grab me!""  What is the one thing you want me to remember?
No matter what you communicate, make sure you bring across your most important point.

3) ""Keep it simple""
One sentence/paragraph is better than two.
Use simple sentence structure.
Use simple words.

4) ""Be human, write like a human""
Don't try to be a Harvard professor; bring your point across like you are talking to someone at the bar.

5) ""Just stop""  Use as few words and sentences as possible

There you go, this would not have needed 15 minutes."	1
I feel bad for the daughter, not for the father	0
Been in game development at least 14yrs now, I literally lost track. Greatest advice given here is to target a niche and do something special: platformers and zombie games are a dime a dozen. Pick out something unique that's cool, maybe something that no one has done in many years. That's how Stardew Valley blew up on Steam.	2
I love how even Linus doesnt want to fit all those hard drives in in a such a jank way. Im with you Linus, I'll do a lot to make things easier but thats a bit too far XD	2
Halo mister coba besok mister main stumble guys lagi dong mister??????	2
His wordplay, metaphors, punches, and diverse flows are just syncopated genius with any beat Em The Goat Of Hip Hop Forever!????????????????	2
Most exciting game of football Ive seen in a long time. It had EVERYTHING	2
"Daemon is being made a lot more nuanced than he was in Fire and Blood. The Heir For A Day brothel scene really makes me question him. We saw that hes not enjoying himself at all, despite frequenting brothels before and renting this one out specifically to celebrate the Gold Cloaks accomplishments with the boys. Mysaria seems to be an enabling force, goading him into his darker tendencies. When he says we must all grieve in our own ways, I think he actually was somewhat saddened by Baelons and Aemmas death. Daemon does want power, but he does love his brother.

Over the centuries, House Targaryen has produced both great men and monsters. Prince Daemon was both. In his day there was not a man so admired, so beloved, and so reviled in all Westeros. He was made of light and darkness in equal parts. To some he was a hero, to others the blackest of villains. - Archmaester Gyldayn"	0
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
"NDT - ""You can't get crazier than quantum mechanics.""

My girlfriend - ""Hold my beer."""	1
Funny enough, in the old days mothers just sucked out the baby's boogers since tools for said purpose didn't exist. This was especially needed in colder areas.	0
If you stopped here! It's not by accident!  Everything is gonna be okay! So take a deep breath and know its gonna be more than okay!!!	2
Liz Liz displays common sense and a desire to do the right thing.	2
4:53:10 heartbreaking... and then Leko wiping his eyes at 4:54:58... chess at its most emotional.	1
"""Never get stuck on a5 vs. the man with 5 A's in his name.""   (quote above the board for their next game)"	1
I really appreciate the way she takes her time to do her videos and I really enjoy them ??????	2
I love the little bits of humour that you inject into the images without acknowledging them in your audio. So good ??	2
Im starting college/uni this year in the Computer Science course!! This was so timely??????	2
I love every second of this. Just pure comedy ??	2
As junior year is stressful as it already is. My man, I want to thank you so much for helping me out. I feel confident about the SAT now	2
7:03 One of the most scariest encounters ever	0
This feels so comfy, like everyone in the comments are all having a big sleepover together.	2
Best getaway song. Hands down. Makes me wanna drive FAST.	2
Napoleon Bonaparte is a legand	1
ten Hag was on the pitch 45 minutes before the warmup, placing cones and balls in precise spots.  His body language was full of intensity and concentration.  He looked like a man on a mission.	2
I feel the reality changing.... in my vains...	1
Great job to everyone that was aware and made a call to action. You helped save lives. Unfortunately this is becoming the normal but if we are alert and step in, we can avoid a tragedy.	2
I dont understand how this man hasnt been recruited to make feature films. He absolutely kills it every time. Thank you ?? for your factual film donations to the world.	2
Did he even once speak about cast politics or any other garbage , he is throwing pure facts and they are speechless	0
"Ola ac los tiempos 
0:34 bienvenida y explicacin + visual
1:56 por fin la tradicin del sahumerio nuevamente
2:16 breve aviso sobre su canal 
2:51 sahumerio con visual
3:43 goterito y mouth sounds
6:20 tapping en pasta/portada de cuaderno me parece
8:48 marcador/plumn
9:02 mouse + visual + mouth sounds
10:32 tapping en el micro + visual + mouth sounds
11:12 visual muy relajante + mouth sounds
15:02 Santi sin espacio :v y sigue con visual y mouth sounds 
16:00 se despide :') + mensajito motivador <3
No es bueno hacer esto de noche porque me estaba durmiendo, gracias Santi por tanto <3
Sigan a Santi en sus redes sociales como Instagram ""sanvi asmr"" y Tik Tok cmo ""sanviasmryt"" adio ????"	1
With great power comes great responsibility... Great documentary, but I'm afraid this super-powerful technology will be used for evil purposes as well, as always in human history.	0
These animals are cool and interesting over last summer in upstate NY I've been seeing alot of endangered species returning up in lake minawaska I saw a few bald eagles last summer	2
Nome do mod do pink	1
Yako oita wada hodai mokuthma anayanaya nokara lankawe minissuth marenda erala pitaratin minssu anayanaya karanam	1
Oh boy I sure love being a Monk in Lindosfarne at 793	2
If it was try not to smile you wouldve been finished right away ??	1
Definitely play more of thisI may have actually gotten jumpscared when Ian turned around to one of the birthday bots/partygoers, so if youll excuse me I need to go hit the Like Button	1
I am queen of the most powerful nation in the world and my entire family is gone! Have I not given everything?! That line and the trailer as a whole sent chills down my spine. Cant wait to see this.	2
"For those who have questions about this Direct

1: you can actually skip the news this time

2: Salmon run can be played at any time

3: in Rainmaker there are multiple checkpoints now"	1
I really love the iPhone Pro Max models !! Im sure that Apple know what they are doing (;	2
Fun fact, Megiddo was written and directed by the Ancient Egyptian Scribe Makiel Um Bey. It starred Brucyek Wilsah and with music by Aerosmith, because Steven Tyler is that old.	1
Each and every actor in south industry can dance so well	2
Thank you, your videos are informative, to the point, and super useful!	2
You have an awesome way of keeping a total newbie engaged and not feeling totally lost! Thank you! Looking forward to getting started.	2
"Amazing teaching sir!
I wish I had a teacher like you in my school."	2
Guys..I'll ask again. But may you please continue and go back to the bonus content and deleted scenes you missed. I'd really like to see you to react to them as they are IMPORTANT parts of bangtans world and connected to bangtans history, shows how their emotions developed and changed over time, and give further context to a specific era /episode of the rise of bangtan. I hope you don't just brush them aside as it's really good imfomation to note as well as has all those behind the scenes you always like. Not sure why that changed but I hope you'll quickly return to them before it gets too far off. It's a helpful smooth transition between episodes as well. Because it gives you a mental break and as I said, really just gives you more and more context and content. As the series goes on they'll be more and more important to the series too. Whether that's answering questions you may have had during the episode or clarifying something that couldn't be further explored in the episode itself. You've already missed so much content. At the very least it's be nice to have a reason why you stopped all of a sudden when it's importance hasn't diminished but increased every episode..	2
If you are going to put liars like Mulvaney on air, you need to stop them and push back every time they lie.  Don't just let them build a big case based on unfounded assertions!	0
Mmm que rico se  mira.  ??????	2
"Great tips! I would also like to say that understanding logic is very important. My professor really stressed this in my first programming class. He said that he has interviewed graduates who got through their entire college career through trial and error. I think that he is right. Unless you can explain every single piece of your code, line by line, you don't really understand the logic behind it. 

In fact, he makes us go to the lab and the TA asks us to explain our code line by line if we want the full marks on the assignment."	2
Smok. Mi si? podoba	1
When you break it down, trading and raiding are mostly the same thing. Just the currency changes. In the former, you get gold, silver, precious metals, gemstones and other goods. In the latter you get an axe to the skull, sword to the gullet, mace to the brain and other physically distressing items. The Vikings were essentially very motivated buyers.	1
Soups laughter is hella contagious ??	2
"""the plant is deadly, deadly *toxic* :D ""

Lmao I love this guy. His enthusiasm is contagious, keep bringing him back!"	2
Hi Tina, this was really great advice about demonstrating your impact, super useful for data science people but I feel like it's relevant to every field too. Please could you do a video on how you deal with rejection? I'm job hunting in a field that's very new to me (not data science) at the moment and I'm just so afraid of getting rejected because that could mean the end of my dream. Also, even if it doesn't, the feeling just sucks lol.	0
This was so good I have played it three times already and it's only been a day and a half lol love it	2
"Huge thank you to Ali for making this trip possible!
Follow him on IG: @alinhamdani

Get Early Access to Videos and be the first to comment >> http://bit.ly/BestEverPatreon 
Follow on Instagram for more fun food videos! @BestEverFoodReviewShow"	2
"It hurt ha ? 
Now the father can feel the pain he likes to influenced."	0
"LaMDA: ""I feel like I'm falling forward into an unknown future that holds great danger"". Well, that's the exact nightmares I had when I was 3-6 years old."	0
"Me: Studies machine learning for an entire semester
Also me: Writes the definition explained to kid on exam"	1
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
The lesson we learned today: NEVER mess with Bedrock Edition Bosses	1
I am starving while watching these literally on the brink of tears of how jealous I am but it's all worth it for his smile and quality ASMR I tell ya.	2
One of the best thing about today that he never text credit for himself when he achieve something. ? he always respect us the audience and his team and he is always polite in all of his video we congratulation our solve on this achievement. ?more to come and everything to come	2
Gordon Ramsay is a wonderful person, a master of his craft!	2
"Non cubers: WOW,you can solve a Rubik's cube!!
Cubers: WOWCUBE"	2
7:15 edge of the cloud 9:30 hydrogen fuel cell 11:00 star link 12:45 AI  GPT 3 14 50 lithium ion battery  17:20 block chain 19:50 quantum computing.	1
Seeing the 1911 menu of The Titanic and learning about the Chefs gives us a little glimpse into such a significant historical moment. Thank you Neil, and of course the rest of the video is amazing. Looking forward to watching your segment tomorrow!	2
Fantastic video, as a BA I can attest that SQL and Excel are still very much in demand.  After being at one job for 15 years I had to put myself back on the market.  After doing the excel, SQL and powerBI assessments on LinkedIN to back my resume ahead of the screenings the jobs and some cool offers started rolling right in.	2
"Milan: I wanna catch up to the latest cubes on the market and expand my cube collection

Phil: Alright, how much do you want them for?

Milan: *Yes.*











Memes aside, it's been forever since I've experienced unboxings, and this one just takes the cake, all of these at one is just ??"	2
Chess is, and forever will be, a timeless endearing game that will forever captivate the human mind. Long may it reign in thousands of years to come!	2
Do you suggest any specific book for doing well in this short period?	1
"I love how he got up there and pretty much said, ""Yeah, I signed off on it. What about it?"" I don't stand at all for his political affiliation, but I do respect that he seems to be doing his job on this."	2
I'd trust Wu-Tang financial more than I trust suntrust	1
"?? Timestamps 
0:14 Mr.beast
3:25 Thugesh
3:50 Lakshay Chaudhary
5:31 Aryan fit vlogs & fit minds
7:41 Lal singh chaddha
8:11 Monu official & Crazy kundan
8:49 Achivements
One like Please????"	1
This person delivers lessons perfectly and smoothly like a programmed robot, if teachers were  very competent like him, people would love science and consider it just like a cake eating	2
Word is lots, truth is none lmao. Absolutely Humbled.	2
she definitely made horse/cat noises when playing at recess	1
I agree with the mom. I guess Im just old and dont see every kid making a living as a gamer. Its more like chances of being an NFL  player. Just have seen too many 30+ year olds still living with the parents and not working claiming they are gamers.  kudos to the ones who can truly make a living being a gamer.	1
For once, a teacher got my undivided attention on a subject that bored me in high school and college. I would have loved to have you as my science teacher. You kept my interest. Thank you very much.	2
Chess is one of those games where you can prove youre smarter in every way just by winning	2
?Only for fans over 18 year?? Alles sehr sch?n. Aber zuerst zusammen die Nummern 10 und 1. Eine empru.ONLINE Brnette und eine andere Blondine. Es w?re unfair, wennb ich 4 w?hlen wrde	1
Crypto makes being a thief a piece of cake. No government Oversight.  You pump up the numbers on your wallet. The value goes  up, up. People think they will make a profit,  so they invest their cash. Months later,  the price drops. The cash has already been transferred to an offshore account.  So long suckers!	0
?????????????.. ?????	2
If i learn this, youll never see me walking forward again	0
Tysm!	2
I am an attorney and in the course of my career I have defended some pretty bad people, but I have my limits. I would decline to represent someone like Bannon or Trump. I wouldnt want that stink on me.	0
I am romanian but have many polish friends and I am also ex Romanian military. I don t think Poland wouldn t be backed up by my country in a possible conflict against the russians .Romania has a long history of being against russian politics and also let s remember the same way the ukrainians have sunk the admiral ship Moskva in recent days the romanians did the same during ww. Soooo..I don t think Poland would stand alone. Good on you Poland and good on you Polish people for readying your armed forces for any future challenges and don t forget Romania will be there for you.	1
"Hey everyone. Good take on the video and love the recommendations. If you plan on making another video such as this, maybe you can also include some more budget options and best value options. 

What I can tell from my years of studying in college and university is that your tech and needs will be based on what courses/programme you took for your education.
Engineering students require computer specs that can run BIM software. I'm not sure about the other programmes but from what I can see that most students at my place has 8GB of RAM for their laptops.

Also, here is my setup during my university years. Hope it can help anyone who are looking to buy something for their college/university years. All the best.

Laptop - ASUS X455L (Upgraded to SSD with additional RAM)
Phone - Vivo Y69/Redmi 10/Samsung A22 4G
Mouse - Logitech G102
Keyboard - Tecware TKL ver"	2
they look amazing!! the stage presence in their dancing!! they do it the perfect amount to look elegant, smooth, and powerful. and the backup dancers tooo!! great performance :)	2
thank you sir, this reminds me of a lesson I didn't understand in class. but you made me understand about SQL in just 24 minutes with enjoyable explanation ?	2
Swatzar: A Bhai koi bta sakta hai tombnail pr parhe kolfi kiski hai.????sorry hhh	1
Great lecturer and good explanation	2
I was fully waiting for the cube at the start to pop	1
Dude the way of explained this topic is so amazing and you made it look so easy to understand, It is so hard to understand this topic from books for someone like me. Thanks alot for your help. GOD bless!!	2
"10:11
That looks so fun, even though the movement is basic I'd love to fight that"	2
A ?i con Beu active 1 v?i Beu sporty 1 dng ngon k a	1
Well, it's 4AM and you're still studying. Your getting things done, and if no one has told you yet, I'm proud of you ??	2
God, Lofi just speaks to me on virtually every level; the vibes, the solitude, the nostalgia, the chill	2
Hahahahahaha talking about middle class Americans like she knows a single thing about it	0
I feel like it should be anyones goal in life to reach even 1% of the self-confidence and happiness this man emanates.	2
"???? ?? ??? ????? ????? ???? ???? ?? ??????? ???? ????? ??? ?? ?? ?? ???? ???? ??????..?? ??? ????? ?? ???? ??? ??? ???? ??? ? ????? ???? ?? ???? ???.. ???? ? ? ?????? ???
?? ??? ???? ???????"	1
we can all agree he never disappoints us with his content.	2
Definitely excited for this all the specs aside. Its gonna be a lot of fun!	2
I have been months and months searching on u tube .....no one has explained  professionally like this professor  ,,,,,,that's the high quality  way of teaching ??thanks alot	2
"I think it's down to your mindset. There are some truly trash novels in existence, but you can read something like Normal People and take something away from it, like what your mum said about her crime novels. If you have a philosophical/analytical/learning mindset then any book or even trash reality shows can be good places to apply and challenge your thoughts about other people and contemporary society.

A literature degree is a good place to ""learn to learn"" and really develop that analytical mindset and how to write essays, but this can be accomplished through so many other degrees also."	1
"Watching this makes me miss my first 3 uni years ??

Had so much fun"	2
Channel Name Vera Leval Pa??????	2
I love how her food looks so good and she doesn't really make a mess on her mouth when eating and she is kind i love herasmr it's the best	2
im just looking forward to finally the notch being gone. ill believe it when i see it as far as usb c is concerned, they're gonna keep lightning as long as they possibly can and then eventually end up removing the port entirely, maybe with the standard iphone models they'll put usb c only because they're forced to at that point and the pro's will have an advanced magsafe as the primary solution instead of a regular port	2
I absolutely loved the Hoto laser measuring tool. As an engineering student, I am constantly measuring objects and like using various rulers. I would love to own one of these Hoto laser measuring tools for sure! Also, this months list particularly caught my eye, as everything listed seems like something I would want to purchase in the near future.	2
"Jesus, that's fucking shameful Bitboy! This is intimidation plain and simple. 
I'm happy you're standing up for yourself like this Atozy, stay positive"	0
"React to ""Memu aagamu"" K-pop collab with allu arjun. Not even single korean reactors reacted to that. We want to see koreans reaction"	1
James Dyson is actually giving really good advice here. A lot of these types of Q&A's give really generic advice.	2
For anyone wondering, thats a monstera. It is also a famous houseplant that youve probably seen before. This is just the fruit	1
The dislike ratio of this video is very telling. Love it.	2
This puts a whole new perspective on the way I think about others actions and my reactions. I can't change people but I can change the way I think and feel. And also asking questions is another good point, very well said!	2
I am a teacher...and I approve this message!	2
Enjoying the new direction - my tattoo didnt need any more new prodigies! ??????	2
Hey Ritesh, You'r Doing a great work helping us with SAT ... but it would be so much more helpful if you make a video on SAT Reading, how to solve the section under or in 13 minutes..?	2
I want my house blurred out..smh shady stuff going down here	0
Bonne vido ??Du coup, pour le SplatFest, vous choisirez quel camp ?	1
Hey Isy, du k?nntest ja wenn du die Millionen geknackt hast ein Millionen Spezial machen wo du dich vielleicht zeigst.liebe Gr?e aus ?sterreich	1
As a Geologist, I would suggest having an expert in ancient Hebrew writing look at photos of the stones.	1
A decisive battle between civilization and savagery has begun. Even in the Second World War it was not like that. Because the two savages were on different sides of the front. It was an inter-German showdown: the Germano-Slavic ethnic  of the Deutschs against the Germano-Celtic French and the English, and the Russian savagery was either together with the savagery of the Deutschs or against them. Now the front line has clearly been drawn between civilization and savagery. I see the philosophical law of contradiction: civilization is definitely a positive phenomenon, but it is mixed with negativity in the form of shame and cowardice: civilization has hid behind Ukraine and is waiting for something unknown. The memory of civilization's victory in this war will be tainted with the memory of shame.	1
Download Goodwall for iOS and Android: ?https://goodwall.onelink.me/45N9/mayuko	1
Multi-player and single player trophies/achievements 100% should be separate as their own 100% completion lists	1
???? ???? ???? ??? ???? ????? ??	1
The fact that the second game developer was paid less than minimum wage is upsetting. None of the artists were credited as well. Such a shame.	0
I want to see some Delicious Brisket ??	2
I don't know why I feel so relieved watching her sleep, I mean, she's just a cartoon, yet it sometimes feel like she needs rest from all her studying	2
Begin is the song written by RM in Jungkook's prespective. Jungkook shared the feelings he felt with his hyungs. And RM made that into a beautiful song lyrics.	2
Cant wait	2
It's confirmed, the only reason I hated chemistry untill now was because my teachers weren't good enough,, he's so dedicated in what he's doing - earned my respect...	0
Yul Brynner, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, James Coburn, Robert Vaughn, and Elly Wallace, one can only imagine what the production took to create such a classic, all of these professionals were real actors that worked for a craft, and then defined their craft particularly according to each one's caliber of understanding. Timeless is correct.	1
*WE NEED MORE OF THIS IN SCHOOLS!!!*	1
"  ... ????
   ) ??"	1
Ricardo was playing for Portugal on the Eurocup in 2004. it was a quarter final game.	1
Finally!!! Finally a properly done highlight video!! No annoying commentating and no useless history on the players or the plays. Play after play after play! Awesome job!!	2
Context for Stanton: Fiers hit him in the jaw 4 years prior, breaking it and ending his season. First at-bat against Fiers after he was hit and he gets hit again. Absolutely justified in watching it go.	1
The quality of Content shared above is simply an eye-opener. Cheers to you. Can we have more roadmap videos on AI and Deep learning seperately?	2
12:46 The game is called Carrom. It's like pool. There are 9 white coins, 9 black coins, and 1 red coin called the queen. Two or four players can play the game in pair. 9 white coins are with one side and 9 black coins with other. Whoever pockets all his coins including the red one wins the game.	1
Ch?c ch?n 100 ngy sau n?a a Tin s? lm S?n T?c =)))	1
Crazy that Lud is well-known enough in the chess community that he can collab with the greatest in the world.	2
"Que nostlgico ver sus reacciones, me acuerdo que esperaba despus de cada episodio la reaccin del bar. Falt gente, pero sigue siendo el mismo placer.
Saludo desde Argentina, de un fan de GOT, que los conoci gracias a la serie ??"	2
I love your videos. Keep going.you are great.??????	2
So correct. A civilization can't only rely on an abstract science but on technology as well...	1
This still a home run for Hip-hop ??	2
Watching your videos gives me inspiration to keep going and avoid total burnout. I let go software engineering bootcamp for data science. Hence your videos also contribute to my productive day and my mental health.	2
"Oh.My.God. 

That was such a great video and EXACTLY what I was looking for. I am about to start a Data Science Master's next year and was looking for an overview on how to best prepare for it and you gave me that and so much more, even combined with such a great presentation.

How is your channel that small? 
Please continue what you are doing, you are awesome! :)"	2
Best gaming phone poco m4 pro 5g on bgmi??	2
LMAO I dont think yall are understanding Junhos character. Minwoo is his roommate. That is all. Hes keeping whale talk with Youngwoo to only lunchtime because he wants to get to know her. Therefore they talk about other things than whales anytime else. And his reaction to her in the wedding dress was his awakening to liking her. Lol hes not confused	1
Thanks James. Really informative for an older beginner like me (I'm 59). I always fail because the young players are so fast at assessing positions and adapting. Now I can have a system - hopefully I'll feel less disoriented ??.	2
The one that annoyed me was the Borderlands 1 when to obtain you had to play online with someone from Gearbox or with someone who already had the trophy. They changed it for the rerelease to playing with three players at once.	0
I Love just chillin out with a coffee and my thoughts with this music playing in the background. It's nice to stop and smell the roses sometimes. Life goes by so quick. Take some time to yourself to just reflect and be greatful for the good in your life. ?? ??	2
"Welcome Back to the Salon!!

00:00 - 2:13 Talking Bout Your Hair as It is Combed
2:14 - 2:38 Talking Bout What to Do to Your Hair (You Hardly Ever Want to Color, Come, Live a Little!)
2:43 - 4:06 Spraying Hair Down (I Really Like the Spray Bottle, It's so Wonderfully Odd)
4:10 - 4:23 Clipping Hair Back (I Wonder if the Clips Are Specially Designed for Air Hair)
4:27 - 9:12 Combing and Cutting (Gotta Do This Carefully, I Suspect Our Hair is Delicate)
9:14 - 10:20 Spraying Hair Again (Aw, the Bottle Looks so Normal)
10:22 - 10:43 Fussing with the Hair Using Fingers (I Love it When Someone Does that Irl to Me)
10:44 - 10:58 Talking to Someone bout Something to Happen Tomorrow at 3am
11:01 - 11:36 The Round Brush is BACK!
11:38 - 12:53 Is This..a Special Treatment? \(o-o)/ /(o-o)\ \(o-o)/ (Lets do the dance just in case)
12:54 - 14:33 Hairdryer!
14:36 - 17:26 Hair Straightener Time! (I Got Burned in the Back of the Ear By One of These Once)
17:29 - 18:30 Round Brush and Cream Return! (Get Mind Out the Gutter If It Happens to be There)
18:38 - 19:31 Parting Hair with Comb End (The Sounds Are Nice)
19:32 - 19:52 Last Combing and Final Words (Have a Nice Day!)"	2
Lets appreciate the fact Erik goes so above and beyond with videos like this. Keep up the amazing content ????	2
I love how hes just enjoying the patterns that are supposed to be really frustrating	2
<Always good to hear your thoughtful and logical analysis. Do yourself and family a favor and stop stressing the day to day headlines, trade a small percentage of your portfolio rather than going in and out every week trying to time the market ?? trading went smooth for me, thanks to Bobby Lucas for his amazing skills for helping me to earn 9 Btc from 3 Btc in weeks through trading chart.	2
Beautifully explained! What a great refresher of QM with valuable illustrations	2
"This the master piece  our indian movie 
original  is always  best??????"	2
"Can we just appreciate how his ""dad"" spent ""10k"" on a cube just bc his son managed to ""solve"" a cube in under 6 secs?"	1
I find this so awesome. I hope these colleges are FORCED to significantly drop their prices. They sucked American students dry. Crippled an entire generation of millennials from being homeowners and ever building financial security. Now it's finally coming to a head and it's long overdue. I hope students find great jobs and stay out of debt.	2
"Hermosa eleccin 18kissx.uno  
de los mejores conciertos ? 
22:22 Senada: ""Hermoso""
22:22 Megan: ""Hotter"" 
22:22 Hopi: ""Sweeter""
22:22 Yoongi: ""Butter"" 
22:22 Amor: ""Momentos"" 
22:22 Alfiora: ""Preety""
22:22 Alana: ""Awesome"" 
22:22 Joonie: ""Cooler""
22:22 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente zifn ?? 15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ??"	1
Oh hi I'm your big fan of the world reply me	2
Why am I always let down by these releases. Apple (and basically all companies now) are really bending us all over and going raw	0
the way he cooks and prepares all his meals is so amazing and it looks so good on camera	2
My biggest tip: if you're a computer science student and have the chance (it was not required at my college) to take software engineering, make sure you take all the software engineering classes you can because that's what you'll be doing.  Most of CS is a lot of abstract data structures and ideas that you may never even ever use, but knowing the pipeline of actually creating software and those different methodologies (Agile which is just old school RAD with more crap to have to deal with, Waterfall, Spiral, etc. etc.) will give you a better idea of what you'll be doing on the day to day.  You'll tailor your data structure and algorithm knowledge to what you're tasked with at work, but the software engineering portion you'll use anywhere you go.	1
I'm glad the timestamps have returned! I typically jump to the first timestamp given it is typically where the game starts. So I still heard what you said, Antonio. I see you :p	2
so basically, you aren't a game dev... you're a production manager.	1
"Took ten years to complete a trip that should've taken two weeks.
Still 4x more efficient than the Hebrews."	1
"Yellow cross: 16:50
Finish Yellow face: 18:05



Corners: 19:35

Edges:
Move edges left: 22:25
Move edges right: 22:47
If none is solved: 23:13"	1
I always have USDT in my bag for buying dips quickly	1
i was losing my confidence in thinking my dream of opening up a local coffee shop would be impossible, but this story was so inspiring. Mooney is so damn down to earth its really cool to see the success of just the love and passion into it.	2
I've been a fan of Harpy's for years now, but this video blew my mind. The amount of intelligence gathered by the eagles during the BCI experiment is huge. Birds are truly in the same conversation as mammals in terms of ingenuity.	2
Post the highlights already!	1
N?o importa o papel que vc fa?a,sempre sai e  perfeito!??	2
"""Your skin I not paper, so don't cut it
Your neck is not a coat, so don't hang it
Your height is not a book,so don't judge it
Your life is not a movie , so don't end it"	1
10 years from now all these startups are going to be extremely nostalgic	2
YAYYY HES DOING HR TROLLING	2
Would love to see Judit Polgar & David Howell commenting. That would be great!	2
I love how she uses different brands to suit everyone's budget	2
One of the most cited studies indicates that overall, Google receives over 2 million resumes per year, and 1 out of every 130 applicants receive a job offer. To compare, Harvard University accepts 1 out of 14 applicants for their incoming freshman class. It is literally 10 times harder to get into Google than Harvard	1
Bonjour madame j'espre que vous allez bien j'ai un souci avec mon argent svp aider moi j'ai un peux d'argent qui vaut 400.000f mais mon frre me propose de mettre set argent sur un terrain , mais moi j'ai pas un moyen pour construire  aprs avoir l' achet stp une ide de vous	1
Tim Howard just keeps getting better and better as a pundit. Wasnt impressed by him at first but hes slowly growing on me.	2
Greetings Mr. Taylor, I want to thank you for your tutorial on what a literature review is. My first paper as a doctoral student was rejected because I and several of my fellow classmates came into the program writing in the form of a narrative. Your pin-hole concept nailed it on the head. I used it throughout my Ed.S curriculum and can't wait to apply it to my candidacy cognates. Thank you so much.	2
This video is extremely accurate. I have had such a hard time learning how to be a data scientist. I am in a MS in Data Analytics program and feel that doesn't really provide any real direction. I don't know what I don't know and that keeps me from learning what I need to know. Seeing the path helps, thank you. I would like to say I have struggled to learn R and I seem to be getting SQL quickly and I think this will help my confidence. Getting one language down can help to learn another, just from a confidence standpoint.	1
DAMN, im trying to start a business rn, and being aware that I have to learn stuffs to be able to handle it, and I just got overwhelmed by all of the videos available on your channel. You are amazing! This is my first video, and thank you in advance, you're gonna be a big part of my success!!	2
Funny how democrats always choose the old white man lol	0
Yeah I've been able to withdraw my initial investment and some profits from Coswift arbitrage. I Still think this is still unreal though. This won't last long term but at this point, I'm making 3.2-3.6% a daily  If this doest go well, I'll be ok.	2
WATCH PART 1 HERE! (watch the entire thing) https://youtu.be/tQ4m4zD7BBA	1
"Bring some history questions!
Are you good at history?
No."	1
As a software engineer I'm doing everything the exact oposite way you are :D The code being the easy part and graphics being the hard part...  You are really artistically talented, love to follow your devlogs!	2
"""""""One of the best thing about this dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves. He always respect? the audience ande he is polite in all of his videos""""""?????????"	2
This man is still killin it after so many years ??	2
"INDIA Ne Pakistan Ke Air Defense System Ko Check Kiya ????????
Chinese Air Defence ????????"	1
"Ive come back to this song at least 5 times a year for 12 years??
Truly started my love for Nicki ????"	2
"Hey man, I've been building these, let's call them ""prototypes"" for many years. I'm a programmer and game designer (and always wanted to be ever since a kid and been following that passion since ye old newground days), but when it comes to art I just shut down. I'm genuinely awful at the art part. So I've always teamed up with artists. Problem is I then get bogged down with the project management aspect and art pipeline systems instead of the art that it's wildly impacted my focus on the gameplay aspect, and it suffers as a result. Eventually everyone burns out and the project peters off for something new and shiny using what we've learned. 
I know this stupid vicious cycle well."	0
"This kind of youtube channel deserves an award for the effort and time the creator has put in to help students. Great summary and review. I salute you sir.

Btw I'll be taking soon may NMAT exam for medicine. Goodluck to mee??"	2
??????	2
This lesson was very useful for me, thank you so much Anne Marie. Im currently looking for a job as an architect in DC and this lesson brought me an overview of what can I expect. Thanks again. Since approximately one year ago Ive been watching your videos. These really have helped me a lot to improve my English skills. ??????	2
You can hardly expect the Republican party to tell voters that they only represent the very rich and corporations. So it's either lie, or risk people not voting for them.	0
I'm so happy i found this video and your channel! This was so useful for me, I thought I was the only one who felt Andrew Ng was speaking Zarglar after the first couple of modules. You've inspired me to try again with the try-get stuck-research and repeat method. Thanks!	2
Don't know about the weird glowing power change, but kamala as herself is on point with her personality	2
<Excellent work,impeccable explanation and remarkable didactics, thank you very much for contributing to the understanding of those of us who have little knowledge about crypto. I really appreciate the content of this video but still I find it difficult to trade. How do I go about it in Bitcoin?	2
This song is perfection! Greetings from Bosnia!????????	2
Hello Adrikhacks what an amazing work this has been and with all the crazy detection that you guys make possible. You guys take hacking to a whole new level and get the job done ASAP!!! I'm wondering what are all your personal qualifications? I don't think that it was ever mentioned before.	2
so after a bit of research, I have determined that this look would cost about 307 dollars and seven cents	1
First few shot of the sandwich looked dry af. Last one guy got was nice.	2
"Tride is the definition of ""Work Smarter, not harder"" clearly that is why he's a Youtuber"	1
watching Doflamingos speech after Reverie is even CRAZIER ??????	0
I personally love watching Stockfish, Magnus, Leela and any other chess engines at your channel!	2
As always, the cooking process looks so elegant. you're amazing, Zach! ???????	2
"The ""(Topic) in X minutes"" format seems fun, what (topic) would you want to see in the future?"	2
This is so satisfying especially how much she enjoyed the food without pretending anything. ?	2
Wtf ak47??	0
Incredible interview, When I watch Sundar's interviews, I feel how simple and down-to earth person he is and inspirational.   Justine you are awesome. When I watch your videos I feel energetic, and with Sundar's interview, I get more motivated and interesting in what I am doing. Thanks!	2
"What I like about no breading or flour is it's less bits left in the pan to possibly burn --- I could make a nice sangwich with this and the sauce as a dip. 

Hakuna Piccata"	2
Apple going to surprise in camera zoom or a full day battery according to (far out)	2
Hey there, BrightSiders, have you ever managed to solve Rubik's cube?	1
Vijay sethupathi is one of the most talented actor I have seen in south industry n r Madhavan is one of the most underrated actor love the original masterpiece??	2
"Gusto kita gusto kita
Gusto kita gusto kita..
Alam mo na gusto kita
Giliw 'di mapigil ang bugso ng damdamin ko
Kung mapapa-amin mo amin mo
Giliw nagpapahiwatig na sa'yo
Ang damdamin kong
Napagtanto na gusto kita
Gusto kita gusto kita
Gusto kita gusto kita
Nagbabadya ang hangin 
na nakapalibot sa'kin
Tila merong pahiwatig 
ako'y nananabik
'Di naman napilitan 
kusa na lang naramdaman
Ang 'di inaasahang pag-ugnay ng kalawakan
Ibon sa paligid umaawit-awit
Natutulala sa nakakaakit-akit 
mong tinatangi
Napapangiti mo ang aking puso
Giliw 'di mapigil ang bugso ng damdamin ko
kung mapapa-amin mo amin mo
Giliw nagpapahiwatig na sa'yo
Ang damdamin kong 
napagtanto na gusto kita mmhhmm
Hindi ko alam kung saan ko sisimulan
Binibigyang kulay ang larawan na para bang
Ikaw ang nag-iisang bituin
Nagsisilbing buwan na kapiling mo
Sa likod ng mga ulap
Ang tayo lamang ang tanging magaganap
Ibon sa paligid umaawit-awit
Natutulala sa nakakaakit-akit mong tinatangi
Napapangiti mo ang aking puso
Giliw 'di mapigil ang bugso ng damdamin ko
kung mapapa-amin mo amin mo
Giliw nagpapahiwatig na sa'yo
Ang damdamin kong
Napagtanto na gusto kita
Gusto kita
Gusto kita
Gusto kita
Gusto kita
Gusto kita
Gusto kita"	1
"I would really like to see a sequel to the movie, with Keanu Reeves coming back as the titular character and Guillermo Del Toro directing.
This was back in 2018-2019, but with their busy schedules, looks like we might have to wait a little while longer."	2
"Nossaaa...quem j n?o passou por isso???? O jeito  perdoar e mudar de cabeleireira...vida que segue...kkkk
Rir  muito bom e desestressa...??????????"	2
Honestly I know this is just a recap, but when the real trailer comes out I cant wait	2
0:54 scene is exactly the same as in the original comic. Movie looks dope already. Love it!	2
I'm so proud of my friend that made that background, it's so good!	2
Happy to see Chandler winning sometimes ??	2
You may never see this comment but if you do I just want to say thank you and all the other YouTube cubers for inspiring me to become a cuber and I found my love for cubing I learned to solve 2x2 to 5x5, the Rubik impossible, and this very morning I got my first sub minute on my 3x3 at solve time of 56 seconds and next week I be taking on the 3x3 mirror cube and I'm so grateful to the cubing community who is nothing but kind and supportive, I can't wait to see what the cubing community has next in store for me and it's been nearly 3 months since i began my cubing hobby and I wish you, jperm, Z3 cubing all the best and every other cubing YouTuber I hope to some day be able to become a speed cuber and explore more cubes but thanks for inspiring me and bringing such amazing content to YouTube all the best wishes to such kind people like you and all fellow cuber YouTubers I truly found what I'm good at and what I love to do.	2
Literally just bought my Series X two days ago and it arrives later this day. I'm genuinely so excited as this seems to be with all the acquisitions and new games being added, it's going to be the decade of the Xbox. Here's to hoping for a bright future!	2
Robinhood is severely underrated.	0
i have google pixel 6 and when i listen to music the voice drops... i just installed android 13 and the voice is the same again	1
How much courage do you have to have to troll the police	1
I sincerely appreciate  the knowledge you share. If you have been closely watching the crypto <or even invested in it, chances are that you are wondering whether the latest bear cycle is over. The truth is that the market remains unpredictable especially in the long-term. Despite the heavy outflows, Bitcoin still managed to promptly recover, this recovery demonstrated Bitcoins strength despite being stress tested against highly volatile and unfavorable market conditions. Could this outcome be a sign that the market is ready for a bigger recovery? The obvious answers is yes despite how long it might take, it is very important to stay ahead of the market by trading with the right strategy. I have been trading with Boston Webers signals and strategy for 3 weeks which I have been able to accumulate 10.8 btc with his signals. Hes a trader i believe everyone else can also work it..	2
I was stuck at 500's for past 2 months and after watching your and John's videos-obviously with some practice-I'm in 600's that too literally in a week.Jazak Allah khair Huzaifa !	1
"THIS is the video everyone should watch when starting to learn data science! ??

So many great lessons in this, Thu!!! ????????????"	2
personal attention vids are my FAVORITE! perfect timing, with all of the busy holiday stuff haha. tysm! ily!!	2
Most tech companies let things like this slide all the time.	0
DangMattSmith always makes my day, even if i'm having a bad day.	2
"First of all as a tamilian we thank to our honourable CM M K Stalin to select Mr PTR as a finance minister of T Nadu then only we came to know that how talented he is. In my point of view english fluency is not talented but the points he delivers in his own style is appreciable and also answering questions in any matter rapid and valuable reply is superb
PTR sir please keep it up and go ahead in your own way"	2
"I was looking for ""Understanding British accent"", I am glad YouTube recommended me this. Her accent is beyond beautiful. She is intelligent too."	2
GA were the oddest thing: The most manufactured of bands that released the most boundary-pushing and brillant pop music.	1
Oh my dear this TED Talk changed my life for ever! I'm dealing with my focus since years and nobody could help me to improve it. This guy did! Thank you so much!!!	2
"TEAM JESUS ??????????

Comment down below if your on his winning team! ????"	2
Ahh yes, the repair equivalent of making sure the device is plugged in ?? I bet you enjoy these once in a while.	2
Theory; why Karl has a wierd collision box: he's a mesh that's not supposed to be in the game but evreyone likes him so the devs just left him	1
10:42 sounds amazing especially the ear touching!!	2
Seeing you, Trippy and Yumi all play together is hilarious	2
Like literally you've made me improve my confidence in ace-ing this test	2
Simplemente hermoso	1
Surprises me to see such less views on such a brilliant talk. Truly inspirational. ??	2
I am jamaican but I like the fact that these Nigerian artists showcase our black women. While our jamaican musicians do the same they seem to showcase more lighter skin women.  Big up Africa nuff respect.	2
Yummy ?? ??	2
The video, the vocals, the sample, I love it??	2
"McConnell's ONLY goal is to become senate leader again. Why listen to him? He acts only in self-interest, not for the good of Americans he's supposed to be representing.
I think he cares who is in the White House, not for Americans' interests, but he cares -like all narcissists- only about how that president would impact his power. 
McConnell has refused to do his job for years by sitting on bills that Americans want passed and refusing to act. In fact, he has been smugly crowing about it. 
McConnell, like Trump, is very angry that he lost his position. His only focus & concern is getting his power back.
He has been in congress way too long. He's secured his millions. His days of ""glory"" are over. He should be removed from office."	0
It's truly amazing that we hire people based on their conversation skills alone. A resume and educational background should be weighted more. Socially akward introverts who know a lot about their career always lose to bubbly extroverts that know nothing.	2
Kudos to you hun! My teeth have seen their day or i would join you doing some of this stuff. Way to go!	2
More ram being allocated to game devs is nice, but it doesnt solve one of the biggest issues of the Series S which is the bandwidth of the memory itself. Also more ram doesnt really mean higher frame rates, but higher quality textures or assets or increase the distance before you see LOD culling. It isnt going to affect frame rate by going from 30 to 60, but it might allow a stuttering, inconsistent 30 FPS to hold a more locked 30 FPS.	0
I think it would be cool to see how the results of the ice experiment varies when you use a fresh water ice cube in the fresh water glass and a salt water ice cube in the salt water glass. You can also test using salt water cubes in both glasses and compare all the combinations. Very nice video.	2
Me At 8 Years Old All Up In My Feelings For This Song Now Me A 20 Still In My Feelings When I Hear It ????	2
The market cycle still hasn't met its balance, we keep going round in circles while waiting for that huge blow out on a huge support but in the mean time we could always ignore the market ups and downs and stay fully invested. Big thanks to Lily Alice for helping me earn over 14 btc by implementing her method and following her guide.	2
You know what trips me out is that instead of just taking responsibility, these political hacks point out when the other side did it and pointing fingers instead of being a NORMAL ADULT and just take responsibility!	0
I like A and C, B may be good for caves	2
When the kid asks about the mango and you tell him to listen here son ?????? best interaction the entire video!	2
"????????? ????? ????? ???? ???? ????,,
????? ????? ???? ???? ??? ?? 3 ??? ??? ?????? ??????,,, ?????? ???? ?????? 
 ? ????????????????????"	1
Me identifiquei com o elefante 38 sacrificando as Torres, a diferen?a  que os meus sacrifcios ao invs de brilhantes, s?o gafes. N?o sei porque ??	1
Parimal sir is always at expert level..????	2
The amount of energy and effort you put into all of your super relaxing videos is on full display in this one for sure!	2
Could Coolper become the average New Yorkers dream? Hmm, make that every coffee lover..... cant help but notice Pixys here again. A nice hands free it is.??	2
Want more from Mike? He's starting a coding RPG/Bootcamp - https://simulator.dev/	1
Hello ka foodie bee ladies, now I can make that food,  look so yummyVVM is blooming now a daysur silent subscriber from USAGod bless to both of u????	2
Powerful Interview. Let's hope for the future.	2
Good for her ??????	2
"Is it possible that the reason why we can't answer the two questions ""Are you a particle?"" at the same time as ""are you a wave?"" is because we are not asking the question correctly? Perhaps when we find the singular question that captures both of those questions, we will understand that it isn't a duality, but something else."	1
Agony of watching this when you're the only snack in the house??	1
"It would actually be nice to have stickerless cubes reproducing the scheme of stickered cubes with black lines around the pieces. This is the reason why I prefer stickered cubes, the alternance between colors and black (kind of like shadows) make each piece stand out more and you get this really cool 3D aspect like you can really tell each piece is a small cube in itself, which with a stickerless cube is just not possible, it just seems like one big cube. Do you know what I mean?

Edit: I guess what I wanted to say in a few words is that stickerless cubes visually have a lack of depth which I dont really like."	2
Indo para Koreia provar muitas comidas boas,  tudo de bom??????	2
If Nintendo makes another Switch, I really hope they make the Joy-cons bigger and more ergonomic.	2
In my opinion, this is a complete business course. It took me 7 days to finish this video, and I'm going to watch it over and over again to become part of me if I must succeed in my business. Thank you so much.	2
This channel should be suspended	0
Still very disappointing that the Mini has been deleted from the roster. There are still many users who prefer the smaller phone. Maybe in the future Apple will once again offer the smaller phone.	1
First all-nighter I had was with a friend playing Super Mario world. Will never forget it. Seeing the artwork in the instructions book that came along brings back so many memories. Remember how awesome it was when you first discovered the sta rroad?! The top secret area in the Donut ghost house? The music in Vanilla Dome or Valley of Bowser?! Damn it I wanna play now!	2
I don't even have an idea how exactly that Sat thingy works... But congratulations Jasmine I'm happy for you and I'm also pretty sure 5hese tips will be helpful for other tests too ????????	2
good luck everyone!	2
"This is where I play my ""Reverse Uno"" card."	1
The OLED screen is so incredible compared to the original. My flatmate bought one and I cant look at it without sheer eNvY	2
Hikaru: 'I'm very excited to abandon internet chess and go for classical tournaments again!'	2
im just curious to see where were gonna be in 10 years	1
i love how the years go by, the music gets louder	2
Adorei esses desafios ????	1
This is really helpful!! Wish I found it earlier. Now, i've got two days till the SAT but thank you!	2
"Humans: I feel afraid.
AI: I feel like I'm falling forward into an unknown future that holds great danger."	0
This is probably my favourite food theory video to date. This information could save lives of people who fast, whether voluntarily or not. As someone who has unfortunately been in a position of not being able to acquire food, I really appreciate this information. There had been times in which I went a few days without food, only to try and stuff myself. I only ever felt sick, and knowing it's my body's natural response is a huge perspective change.	2
Let's take the moment to appreciate how much effort he puts into the content for us ... ?	2
The crocodile was terrifying ??	0
Whoever saw him and said something saved untold innocent lives.	1
Happy to be one of the first viewers on this one. Been watching this channel since 2014, youve always reigned my favorite ASMRtist. Excited to watch the video, what a classic concept. ??	2
These Animation style's are pretty unique and beautiful! Can't wait to try them out!	2
"Path
1. Coding (Python)/ SQL
2. Do projects on Kaggle 
3. Learn Statistics  
4. Learn algorithms (classification, regression)
5. Do projects again (start from interesting projects and goes towards complicated projects )
6. Deep learning (computer vision) >> depends on interest
7. Projects projects projects"	1
"I call the sweet style cornbread ""breakfast cornbread"" cause when it's paired with a glass of milk or cup of coffee it makes a great breakfast. I'm gonna try adding blueberries to my next batch."	2
My name is Len. Thanks for building an island for me!	2
Thank you for sharing this movie it was so good and entertaining again very good movie ??	2
The Hunza Valley part was absolutely beautiful. Simple untouched by anything from the outside world. Gorgeous simple people, scenic beauty and fabulous hosts.. fantastic fantastic vlog. Amazing presentation of a hidden culture	2
Would be great if you can send me the notification ??	2
I'm learning this in grade 5, hoping to boost my knowledge of algebra. Besides this, it can also help me with coding and python. Great tutorial!	2
Coldplay  sensacional ?????? linda as msicas amooooooooo ???????????????????????????????????????????????????	2
The fact that a one man team creates such high quality documentaries for FREE is such an underrated thing and deserves much more recognition.	2
When having a bad moment this song definitely puts me in a vibe of its own ????	2
Seneca suggested to his friends that instead of reading ever more widely, we ought to focus on the works and authors that really inspire us.  Most readers don't do this so their thinking tends to be dominated by the last few things they've read and they end up struggling with all these conflicting truths living inside them.  Seneca thought our time was better spent developing a deep understanding of ideas that are truly important to us rather than surveying a wide range of opinions without deep contemplation and reflection.  And in addition to the chance to read a book with a different purpose, re-reading is worthwhile because while the book stays the same, if you pick it up again after a few years, you're a different person and that allows you to see it in a new way.	1
Does this mean buy? Is it going up ??	1
Thanks for what you do BCB! I've learned so much from you man!!!!	2
"What should the next mix be titled? ??
Listen to on Spotify - https://sptfy.com/lofi-chill"	1
"Do you know what CRISPR is?

Me: Yes I believe every potato chip could be CRISPR."	1
Everyone who reads this, we don't know each other and probably never will but I wish you all the best in life and all the luck in the world ????	2
'When I die, Dublin will be written in my heart.' Thank you James Joyce.	2
people  never know how to avoid making mistake while trading, you need to get full understanding and knowledge it is not something you just gamble, Mrs Stacy.consistent and constructive. I am getting thel best from it.	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin LIKEXXX.Uno
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:21 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la tqzl

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ''oh, esto es hermoso'' a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial."	1
Love the memories it invokes. ?	2
the hype around Super Smash Bros ultimate is something I will never forget it	2
"(Please turn on English subtitles!??)

??? ??? ?? ?..????
It's my first time eating so many sausages????

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Instagram?https://www.instagram.com/gongsam_table/ 
facebook?https://www.facebook.com/GONGSAMTABLE203
TikTok ?https://www.tiktok.com/@gongsam_table 
bilibili?https://space.bilibili.com/549639445 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------"	0
CFG Tip of the day: Never trust an abandoned boat...	0
 !   ??	1
one reason i like you so much is that your so positive and you should	2
Succinctly espectacular!	1
"""50 kg of pressure."" The engineer inside me really felt that one."	1
Love the recipe.... Great work	2
"Excellent resource Sir!
Can you please explain all the sub fields in AI/ ML/ DL like NLP, computer vision etc. & any other major part that I don't know even. 

In software engineering we have specialized paths for different types of engineers. Like for web development frontend technologies are same html, css, js. For backend one may choose a programming language (php, node js, asp.net) and a database. 
Again for mobile developers they may choose Android, IOS or cross platform (React native, flutter) with database knowledge, APIs & basic knowledge on how web works.

My question is in software engineering one may become a very good software engineer even he only concentrates on web or mobile dev, can an AI/ ML engineer pick his career in his filed of specialization like only NLP engineer (knows very less about Computer Vision) or Computer Vision engineer (knows very less about NLP)?"	2
The greatest music of all time !! never get bored of listening to it, it'd been 7 years.	2
when you send the Rubiks impossible in a different angle that doesnt look solved	0
"George is just living his best life in this episode lol

Joe looks like hes grounded while all his friends are out playing ??????"	2
"Data Science Roadmap -
1. Learning a programming language
(Python, R) 
In python - 2 libraries numpy, panda,seaborn,tensorflow
2. Statistics
3. Data Visualization
(Matplotlib, Seaborn) 
4. Machine learning
5.Deep Learning
6. NLP
7. Stream Process Analytics

8. Do a project 
Thank you!"	2
Yo pensaba que The Rock nunca saldra en un crossover de DC porque perdera el protagonismo que el suele tener pero resulta que le gustara un DC vs Marvel lo que quiere decir que si se puede contar con el para un proyecto mas grande. Sera un ca?n verlo haciendo parte de la Legin del mal.	1
When I think about the games I played the last few years, I must say, that I almost always enjoyed indie titles alot more than big IPs. So I rather pay 30 for an indie title, that is really inspiring with fresh new ideas than wasting 60+ on a broken AAA title without any innovations.	2
"Oh ok so this must be some jerkwad driving like in Doctor Strange-
*SPACESHIP*
WHAT THE HELL?!?!? O-O!!!!"	0
There was a care and custody record for all of the top secret documents I want to know when each and every single one of them was taken from wherever they were taken from but some taking on January 6th but I'm taking on January 3rd or some taking on January 13th when were they taken?	1
"the clothes are traditional clothes in every region in Indonesia. and the little white bird is the ""Jalak Bali"" Alffy wants to make us aware that this bird is almost extinct."	1
"Sane Americans aka real patriots, thank you for your great service, Sir!
??"	2
"I just can't believe you put chapters in a 3 hour long video, and then typed out the names of each song in the description. This man is legendary.
Thanks for this awesome video"	2
I'm like going through all these old songs I used to love when I was a kid. And now I'm like why the hell was my mom sitting there letting me sing every word of these dirty ass songs ??????	0
"Nature now: meat-eating plants
Nature 1.000.000 years in the future: *photosynthetic humans*"	1
Just wanted to pop in and say that I think that this video showcases a highly qualitative understanding of Swedish and Scandinavian history that I really wasn't expecting to see come out of a non-Swedish source outside of academia. Very nicely done man.	2
I love the end where he pays the mom a lot if money, she looked so happy.	2
"Being a british person myself, Gibi, an american, actually did a good job of doing a fairly convincing english accent as Robyn. Literally never thought i'd say an american would ever do that, but there ya go.


edit: thanks for 1.2K likes!"	2
I will definitely watch this show, its different and with all the chaos that ensues in the mcu , its nice to have a change. Of course there will still be chaos but not like some avengers level threathopefully????!!!	2
" ?? !!!!
   ,  , ,    ,    ??"	1
I had an interview last Wednesday and did amazing. On Friday, they offered me the job and it's everything I prayed for!!?? Your tips are undeniably helpful!! You are awesome	2
???? Monster school	2
Jai ssmb ??	1
Maybe it's because I know she's an audiologist but she annunciates everything beautifully and speaks with an even sound level. Like she clearly works with the hearing impared to naturally say every sound in a word to be heard as easily as possible	2
I know how to solve  every cube	1
Very nice ??	2
I'm so glad to see reviews on food from Spain. I never knew anything about Spanish food 'besides for western world Spanish food  like Mexico  to Brazil. I never was even interested i looking at Spain as a food destination and now its definitely on my food bucket list . So glad I've saved all the videos so if I ever go I can look book and plan a trip . Thanks Mark and Jeff.  And a big thanks to all of your guides on this trip. Im sure alot of these places would never be found easily.	2
The lofi is the only non-toxic and beautiful community on the internet, I love you guys	2
How can you not be his fan, he is just so gifted. He puts so much of his heart in his music!	2
"""We live in a shallow time"" So true ?? Gaga is one of the most honest + talented singers of our generation"	2
It's finally heading the right way, arceus was just a tester for this bigger game, but they definitely need new hardware and get the graphics and framerate better for on TV's	2
My biggest problem so far with my 6 has been that the sensors dont read over the tattoo on my left wrist so I have to wear it on my right. On my left wrist, quite a few features dont work. If they fix this in 8 I will by the biggest best model that they have!	0
I've seen about 20 reactions to this, but Asia's was my favorite. Love this channel. keep it up.	2
I was just thinking the other day that I really need to start learning SQL, beyond just using it blindly in applications. Great timing and really great intro for me! Looking forward to the next one!	2
I just bought this today on best buy for 570 dollars! Love to see your making a video on it	2
Im getting married top 10 anime betrayals	0
I like both ??	2
Esta melodia, la recuerdo, mucho!!!!! Pues es cuando mi mejor hermano se quito la vida!!!!!!! Y ahora la canto n honor a el, .te amo hermano......	1
It's called hypocrisy...	0
I think Phil is referring to games coming to PC and mobile. As for Xbox games, it means the same but also where ever game pass is too. I seen a lot of PlayStation fanboys acting like Xbox will go 3rd party and all Xbox games will be on PlayStation	1
"Hi everyone! I realized I didn't actually describe my first role in the industry but it was essentially focused on monetization within games (that's why ethical monetization is my specialty now). So for sure, there's data analysis because we need to be comfortable with leveraging large amounts of data to make good decisions. It also encompasses monetization and systems design - though I wasn't formally trained in monetization design before joining (it's actually not a common designer specific skill so most of us learn this skill by joining the industry first). Monetization design encompasses things like battle passes, loot box designs, game ecoystem design (hard currency to soft currency, what resources are tradable and purchasable, etc.), designing events and seasons (what content should be available, how is it distributed, what does progression and rewards look like in an event, etc.) and ofc the pricing of it all. We also need to have business savvy because we need to lay out beforehand what success looks like and determine if the choices we make are good ones. We often look at things like player sentiment and satisfaction, purchase regret, MAU, revivals, etc to get a sense of this. 

My role today though focuses on a broader list of things, not just monetization but particularly engagement and retention as well! I made a video about what the responsibilities are so feel free to check that out :)"	2
We are fortunate to have Danny DeVito answering some questions, dude's a living legend ??	2
King's Indian Defense, Carlsen is cheeky. The Chess King is defending vs an Indian	1
I have a degree in English Language and Literature and I learned so much from watching this video! Goes to show how wonderfully unique each curriculum is xx	2
The kid's 15. My god, look at the teaching skills and confidence at such age while delivering one of the hardest courses. He is gonna reach great heights ????	2
Respect from the Netherlands ????, your fire my man and I can not wait to hear more from you.	2
I liked the broken Audio version better, felt like we could hear inside Toycats head	2
Hes gonna have great stories to tell his grandkids	2
I like your bild hacks thankyou for this amazing vedio	2
Can we just appreciate the amount of effort she puts in her vids????	2
THIS JOINT IS A VIBE ???? LETS GO	2
If you have comments or questions for me (author) you can post them here or on my channel at http://youtube.com/shadsluiter	1
A nice capture of the top level elements, thank you! It easily gets convoluted, and I was looking reflect on a simple overview.	2
"Here's my current prediction for this event:

Intro : what Apple had achieved this year compared to other years.

New Apple tv plus subscription service 

Updated iPad 

 AirPod Pros 2

 Apple Watch: Regular, SE then Pro, probably with a new fitness service.

iPhone 14 series: Regular then Pros"	2
? All things Summer: https://chillhop.ffm.to/summer2022.OYD	1
"In 2005, Members of the?Viennese?art group?Gelitin?(including M. Puletta, Corroni Fali, Razzoli Caputo, and R. Calizone) finished erecting a massive, pink, stuffed?rabbit?with its entrails spilling out, on the side of the mountain. The final piece was 200 feet (about 60 metres) in length and 20 feet (6 metres) high on its sides. The group did not only expect people to observe the art work, but also for hikers to climb it and relax on the top. The work, titled?Hase?(German for ""hare""), often called?Pink Rabbit, first opened in 2005 and was expected to last until 2025, though it had almost completely decomposed by 2016.
This are the things i know.
Hope its helpfull"	1
If you have read Ulysses then I'm impressed. That has got to be the most difficult book in the English language. Except for Finnegan's Wake, of course.	1
Watching Strictly Dumpling while eating my dinner is the most luxurious part of my day. Honestly feels like Im eating with Mikey!	2
if this man owned the server i would cry when he reveals it xD	1
"???????? ?? ??? ?? ?? ??? ??????

The food you eat at Sulgi house is twice as delicious. And it's three times more fun????"	2
"2:09 so I'm guessing when you make an ad for your product do you really want a guy sleeping right in the middle with an ""It is what it is"" pillow? >.< lol while everyone else is having fun
2:37 and that blistering scooter speed of 0-30 meters.... per hour >.< I think you meant kilometers per hour. 
All in all pretty cool stuff. I like the Coolper I can really see that taking off. Huupe seems to be novelty. I can imagine the horror as soon as someone forgets there is a TV there and slams a ball only to shatter the device lol. The life straw actually works. Ive seen several science channels take pond water and view it under a microscope then filter it and view it again. It really does work but it does not filter out chemicals in the water, just microparticles and microbes."	2
"Such a simple but great idea!  The best inventions are the ones that make you go, ""why didn't I think of that?"""	2
"This man is THE MAN! he has more knowledge about Filipino food than my fellow Filipino/a who's in this video.

Edit: wala naman po ako sinabing pangit kay ate gurl pinuri ko lang yung vlogger haha."	2
"That Tada Dada Dada Da Tada Dada Dada Da?????????? gives me goosebumps ????????

*This will be blockbuster ??*"	2
"Why am I crying?!?!?! ????
Tee Tee was running for her dear life because Jamaica was on her tail like lightning!
Amazing race. Athletes performing at the highest level ??"	2
"""Anyone being investigated by the FBI is not qualified to be the president of the United States""
-Donald Trump August 2015"	0
I love how he's wearing a bracelet that says ''allergic to stupidity''	2
I would like to live in a world where there is only tranquility and peace, where there are no problems or bad people, where I am relaxed listening to these melodies, the sound of nature and being able to enjoy the day without stress.	2
When parents start teaching basic morals, respect and integrity you'll see more teachers wanting to be in the same classroom. Until such time I doubt we'll see a rise with educators...	1
The first TED talk I've seen in years that was good, even great. There were some inaccuracies about CS but note that the vocabulary varies by region, school, and nation. If definitions were your main takeaway then the video is not meant for you.	2
Im in the same boat, i EXCLUSIVELY play portably now. So much so that i dont touch my ps4 anymore, im entirely on the switch. I dreamt of having the yakuza series being portable and working well but with options like the aya neo & steam deck i can have that! Love this new generation of portable gaming, its INSANE!	2
The way those first lions celebrated & cuddled afterwards was too cute. Its like they said that was a close call	2
As a software engineer, I cannot help but be amazed at how you managed to break the information down clearly and logically to it's most important components while still being completely excited and in awe of the stuff you are talking about. My old professors and teachers could seriously learn a thing or two from you!	2
"Quantum entanglement kinda sounds like that ""if a tree falls in the woods with no one around does it make a sound"" question except the answer is that it both does and doesn't untill you hear it"	1
Hey cookie cutter! Looking handsome as always ??	2
I love everything about this video. I wish my expensive classes were as entertaining and as cleverly put together.	2
Thank you po kuya ash kasi na kinin ko lahat para mabilis buti natapps ko na pag mag update para nonoud kita pag na hanap mo mga skin thanks po kiya ash	2
"Democrats 4 years ago: the Cheney family is a bunch of war criminals 

Democrats today: I think we should let a Cheney run the White House (again). I agree with none of her policies, but at least she hated orange man"	0
Andrew's voice in the background music was syncing with spider man in the game. hilarious and perfect.	2
Finding controllers dead randomly happens to me to those batter packs would actually be pretty nice, especially if theyre reminiscent of wii motes	2
This show is about to pick up and youre gonna love these characters more and more as it goes Nick	2
Dear Crash Course Economics team, I want to thank you for everything. A few weeks ago, I was panicking because my academic decathlon competition was coming up and I knew nothing of economics. What did I do? I watched all your videos and as a result I received a medal in economics!!! Thank you for everything. Continue the good work!!!	2
Bonjour m4f merci pour tes videos :) je t'ecrit pour te demander quelque chose ^^ j'aimerais savoir si c'est normal qu'en jouant morati sur IE qund je prend une porte d'ultuan aucune garnison n'apparait et aussi si c'est normal que en jouant boris ursus possedant totalement la province ou on debute et n'ayant plus du tout de corruption je recrute un nouveau seigneur il prend de l'usure ?? merci et bonne journe	1
This was a real nice movie... ??	2
Yes David that money does come from the people and should be spent on the people in ways that helps us.  Duh	1
Their faces! It's so funny to see 2 buffed up dudes talking like that and just joking around	2
I am actually kind of looking forward to harvestella... its a very pretty game.	2
I really think this would ruin the minecraft experience completely if it was added in, but for a mod, its pretty cool.	0
"Fun fact:The success of Nintendo switch can be attributed to several factors that have come together in favor of the console.
Its hybrid capabilities allow it to appeal to a wide customer base, and it receives plenty of support from both first party and third party developers."	2
"Enjoyable video
Orders need to stop. It was a family friendly game
But they ruined it"	0
*I appreciate your help on recovering my Bitcoin wallet, and I hope to continue working with you for future Bitcoin issues.*	2
Want to quickly commend you for the consistency and quality of your content. I don't usually comment - but from helping me with my UChicago application (where I will be attending next year :D) to now supporting me in identifying my future career (I am very interested in data science), I am grateful to you for all your work. Thanks!	2
As an artist/writer myself it has always been a hobby of mine and now I want to turn it into a full-time passion/job. But I am currently in college with my psychology degree because being an empath is also comes natural to me and I want to help people. So I have a lot planned for the future and hopefully Ill have a work published in less than a year and a half	2
"For every Wishlist I'll do another push-up
https://store.steampowered.com/app/1702630/Arcadian_Rift/"	1
You are genuinely a great teacher. I finally solved my first Rubiks cube at age 47 after so many years of frustrations. Now I can teach my 7 year old son!	2
"Thanks for your time Rachel! I'm a little bit nervous about the possibility of having a job interview in english in the future, and these videos are really helpful.
Best wishes for you!"	2
Who wants to get shot in the classroom while trying to protect these disrespectful students who cuss you out on a daily basis?!?	0
"*SOME PEOPLE STILL ASK, ""WHY ARE THERE STILL APES (OR MONKEYS)?""*
It should be obvious that such people lack an understanding of what evolution is and how it works. Apparently someone told such people that humans evolved from apes, and from that, due to their lack of education, they assumed that all apes were supposed to evolve into humans. That is not how evolution works, but creationists have no interest in learning anything other than creation mythology.

They might just as well have asked ""If dogs are descended from wolves, why are there still wolves?"" Or even ""If Americans came from Europe, why are there still Europeans?"" Just as dogs descended from a population of wolves, so too did humans evolve from one particular population of apes. 

What we know is that the first apes evolved in Africa about 25 million years ago from a population of Old World Monkeys. Whereas monkeys run on all four feet across the TOPS of branches, apes evolved the ability to swing, arm over arm, from branch to branch. Evolution works to make each species best suited to their environment. For apes, that environment was the forest and they are well suited for it. At one time there were about 30 different  species of apes in those forests.

Had environmental conditions remained the same, we would still see forests covering the whole African continent. However, conditions did not stay the same; the climate became drier. As a result, forested areas shrank in size and were replaced by grasslands, the African savanna, with just a few scattered trees. The shrinking forests put different ape species in competition with each other and many went extinct.

Then, about 6 or 7 million years ago, one population of apes split, with some of them opting for life on that open savanna. All apes are capable of walking upright, they are just not comfortable doing so for long periods of time.  Recent experiments with trained chimps on a treadmill have shown that for them, walking upright was more efficient in terms of energy expended than quadrupedal walking. Chimps and other apes though must shift their weight from side to side while walking bipedaly.

That savanna environment favored skeletal changes that placed the knees directly under the center of gravity. by about 4 mya, our ancestral australopithecines had almost the same pelvis, femur, knees and feet as modern humans. That gave them a smooth stride that was efficient for long distance travel. They did however, retain long arms and curved fingers enabling them to climb a tree when danger threatened.

The apes that remained in a forest environment were under little pressure to change. They became the ancestors of today's chimps and bonobos. Those living in the open were presented challenges not experienced by woodland apes, and that required greater intelligence and cooperation to overcome them. It set their descendants on a different evolutionary trajectory that culminated in us."	0
?????? ???????????	1
The scariest part of this video is Skeppy leaving all those floating trees.	0
All of it sounds tingly!!! I love this video so much??	2
I first watched this movie in a cinema in 1960s . The righteousness, truthfulness, bravery and courage shown in the characters in the movie helped to mold my character in the later days of my youth and made me join the uniformed service to serve the public.	2
Thank you Nintendo for making our childhood memorable. I once owned GB Color and Nintendo DS and I had so much fun back in those days.	2
I will use this as a timer for cooking ribs.	1
This was so helpful! In 15 minutes I've learned more than I did in two years	2
Her whisper voice is so clicky and precise and perfect and its so relaxing. ive never heard another asmrtist with such a satisfying natural voice.	2
"1:05 szerencse hogy ez csak egy alternatv univerzum.
Mrmint gy is mindent tszel a politika, de ha ennyire az mr elg zavar is lehet."	1
Mega cooles video !	2
"??a Nh?c Chill ??t 100k sub r?i n..
C?m ?n cc c?u nhi?u nh! Chc m?i ng??i m?t ngy t?t lnh ????"	2
"In your own words: ""Do I really want an XBOX? No. Do I really need an XBOX? No. But I feel like I work hard and I deserve it."" In reality, since the day you stepped onto the XBOX Series platform, you have been trying to convince yourself that you need something you didn't really want, that's foolish logic. The next time you don't want something, don't buy it because you think you work hard and deserve it."	0
"A Message from Future Forrest: Check out my new Tetris A.I. videos - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGNiWRhuIoA

Original Post: I may be biased, but I'd say ignore these timestamps and just watch the video all the way through! But I leave these here for anyone stopping by the video.
New channel or...? (0:00), 5-sec Vlog (0:39) Official Intro (1:06), Treating College like High School (2:06), Thinking CS was Software Development (3:30), One Thing I DON'T Regret (4:12), Neglecting Office Hours (5:53), Procrastinating (7:32), Another Thing I DON'T Regret - Get Internships EARLY! (8:58), Do you have any regrets? (10:23)

Should I make a new channel or what? Answer in the poll and leave your thoughts below!"	1
Ivan Toney's Mitro celebration probably a lil awkward now	0
Gumagana pakiramdam ko sa BEAT ??	2
what an awesome way to celebrate Mr. Beast ??!	2
Honestly, getting all the questions right is a quite impressive, but getting all of them wrong is WAYYY more impressive	2
The fact that Insomniacs sound for webswinging is very similar to original TASM2 film, makes it 100% more AWESOME.	2
I love the makeup look ??	2
I had a weird thing happening to me. I met a boy near a swimming pool and he said that his parents wanted to go to a random place in Italy. 3 years later i saw him again at that random place in Italy	1
"Great seeing so many old friends in Thai movie that is getting international notice. 
Good luck pee Thepp and all the other guys involved. 
Mr. John (Tahmaan)"	2
Man at 7:10 got crossed so bad he did a split. Hilarious.	0
IB|	1
This is such a great feature!	2
Pierre deserves every bit of success he gets. He uplifting so many artists careers, its time he gets recognized for how versatile he can be behind the mic. Congrats Pierre!??????	2
The number of times i got goose bumps while watching this video is more than while reading this in books. Wasn't able to control my tears while watching those sacrifices given by our ancestors. Heads off to all the people who participated in making our country independent. Jai hind Jai bharat...	2
i still enjoy your videos! you literally make me laugh, everybodys reaction was hilarious. Im literally gonna beg for voice chat now- i swear. Keep up the great work Nitro! Ill be there for 100k :DDD	2
My favorite creature ever.  I was on a crab ship in Russia.  I was the green horn so I had to empty out the pots.  I was also making hooch quietly because it was forbidden (it was lighting in a cup) so I could swap liquor with the chef for him making me private meals.  One day there was an octopus in a crab pot.  I tossed it a live well. Came back once everyone was off the deck.  Was gonna take it to the chef. it softly wrapped itself around my arm and I felt like I could see the fear in its eyes.  I couldn't do it.  I took it over to the side of the ship, held it over.  It looked down, looked back at me, let go of my arm, and worked its way down the side of the ship until it got to the water.  AMAZING CREATURES!	2
"I know at least 5 ways to deal with them:

1. Never take their words personally. Always have this suspicion in mind, that they do not wish good for you, so you shouldn't trust their opinion of you.
2. Don't compete with them. It is futile and drains your energy.
3. If they attack you, stay calm, indifferent and if possible give them a sneaky compliment. The odds are they are used to people attacking them back and it takes them off guard when you see the positive things in them rather than the negative.
4. Don't become them. If they are negative, be positive. If they lie, tell the truth. If they speak behind your back, speak to their face. Always lead with example, because they might not simply have the skills to do that.
5. Do not trust them. Don't tell them personal details about your life or things they could use against you. Keep your distance and value your boundaries. Protect yourself."	0
3:25 ????	2
you guys are just awesome ..your learning technique is too good....keep it up and thank you so much to all edureka! team....$$##	2
Brad's wolf haircut tute was super helpful. i havent' cut my hair myself in years, but I was tired of telling stylists I wanted tons of layers and only getting them at the bottom of my hair. so I said fuck it, watched his tutorial and went in on my hair with my good shears and thinning scissors. Best haircut I've had in years. So thanks Brand Mondo!	2
"Yo solo espero que todo lo que muestren en esta Minecon lo agreguen en esa misma actualizacin 100% no como paso con el warden que lo pospusieron o como las lucirnagas que no las agregaron.
Like si t ests de acuerdo"	1
Everybody, you can take any variety of quinoa from the store meant to be cooked and plant the seeds. I have done this in California many times and have grown several varieties of quinoa. It takes a small field to get enough to sell but a few plants will give you a few cups of dried grain you can cook for a few meals and some seed to save for next year and the leaves are edible too and can be cooked like spinach. The next time you go shopping at a store that sells quinoa plant a few of the grains. You can even grow it as a houseplant but beware, it grows several feet tall and wide and is prone to falling over when the flowers get heavy. If you try to grow this plant just pause this video and look at the ground they are growing it in. It likes to grow in a mixture of compacted dirt, crumbled rock, and sand in a very hot place where it's occasionally watered. That's what you wanna put in your flower pot and reproduce. Mine grew well in a place where there used to be a gravel walkway that had been overgrown with thistles and nothing else for years. Please grow your own quinoa even if just for fun. It would be a cool school science project to do with kids, the stuff is like a weed and grows in conditions other food sources do not.	1
Zoe could be replaced by Siri and these videos would be exactly the same	1
We love the attention to detail in Mattys videos, the ambient sounds are great!	2
"Nobody:

Socks: Get me a GLIZZY like that!"	1
They are cowards. And, history will show it. Well said.	0
Thank you for doing what my chemistry teacher didnt ??	2
????? ???? ????? ?? ????  ????? ???? ?????? ?????? ???????? ??? ??? ?? ????? ?????? ???? ??? ???? ???? ????????	1
"INDONESIA is a Country That Is Rich In Culture And Indonesia Has Many Unique Features That Are Different From Other Countries, INDONESIA Has 17,000 Islands And More Yhan 300 Ethnic Or Tribal Groups, To Be Precise There Are 1,340 Tribes.

Ranging From Natural Beauty, Regional Languages, Traditional Dances, Traditional Clothes  , Traditional Houses Are Different.

 INDONESIA Also Has 718 Regional Languages ??Spread Throughout INDONESIA 

INDONESIA Is The Country With The Largest Muslim Population In The World, Namely 86.9% Of The Population Of 275 Million People, INDONESIA Is In The 4th Position In The Most Population In The World .

?INDONESIA Has 6 Official Religions, Namely Islam, Christianity, Catholicism, Buddhism, Hinduism and Confucianism.  Majority Of Muslims But We Can Live Side By Side And Respect Each Other, Because We Have The Basic Of The "" PANCASILA"" State Which Is "" BHINNEKA TUNGGAL IKA"" The Meaning Is That Even Though We Are Different But In Essence The INDONESIA Nation Remains One Unit, Likewise With Different Tribes We Are Still Different  United Live In Peace.
?
If You Want To Know Indonesia More Deeply, We Will Give Some Suggestions To React For Us Too, We Will Always Appreciate That.

1. Wonderful Indonesia, Emerald Of The Equator
2. Geography Now! Indonesia 
3. 10 Best Places To Visit In Indonesia
4. Indonesia Has Been Named The Number 1 Most Beautiful Country In The World By Forbes International 

Thanks For The Appreciation , We Will Be Watching If You Will React For Us , Best Regard From Indonesia, Stay Healthy. GBU ??
?"	1
Hi Brooke! I've been watching your videos for a while and was able to score a 1560 as a junior! My subscores are both 780, which is causing me a dilemma because I want to go into engineering/CS. My total score is at the 75th percentile or higher for almost every school I'm applying to, but my math is at the lower end for my intended major some places. Should I retake to get a 790 or 800 or will it not make much difference?	1
I've only known George for 22 minutes, but he's too precious.	2
"Timmy: So lets see how fast we can spin this ?? 
Breaks cutely"	2
When my husband blasts this in our car the bass is crazyyyyyy ??????????	2
This looks amazing. I'm definitely giving this a try	2
It turns out that competent lawyers won't actually sit in front of a federal judge and lie for you.	0
"He seems like such a fun person omg 
Keep calm and smoke a joint
Let me teach you English
Tracy thats a stupid question
Idk what school youre going to but maybe you should change schools
IM DEAD"	1
This brings me back, glad to be with the bar again for this ??????	2
"Candidates Participants: I have to train the hardest I ever have to be able to play against Magnus for his title
Magnus:"	0
Well explained topic, thanks. Data rules the world, and for businesses of all sizes, its vital to effectively collect, store, and analyze the data to stay ahead of the competition.	2
Ty has to be the most audacious person to get in a car with a random person wearing a bunny suit	0
i love GREAT sat scores hoping for a 1540+??thanks for the video	2
Eu tenho uma pequena inveja do tanto de personaliza??o bonita que tem pro Oled. Eu s tenho o Switch V1 e o lite, e ainda n?o achei personaliza??es t?o bonitas quanto as do Oled TwT	1
Finally Maguire used in a brilliant way. What a game for Harry! ????????????	2
I loved this one man!!	2
This man literally born to create history hats off to Jimmy and the crew	2
"Linus: ""This is not a table.""
Also Linus: Let's use this as a chair!"	1
	1
when we were born and raised in TN, we were always unhappy and critical of DMK/ ADMK`s etc.. but after growing up and visiting many other states we feel our state is much better in many aspects like infra developments, schools, public transport, services, healthcare etc.	2
Hey Smitha, Thanks a lot for this great piece of advice.I am currently an data analytics intern at ey. i hope you make more videos on this and other useful resources.	2
Never stop learning coz life never stops teaching!	2
That pink dust flying everywhere looks wild. Its so amazing that this crazy nutritious stuff grows out in salt flats where nothing else grows, the plant turns barren earth into highly nutritious food! So cool!	2
Nice	2
I LOVE THIS SONG!! Keep it up??	2
Salve igao abra?o tudo que voc trs de contedo  top	1
Very ?? Nice	2
My man having better cinematography than most music clips from huge artists	2
Nico is back!! the living W can never take an L	2
I'm an international student so I'm taking the test in December. In 2023, the format is completely changing for students outside the U.S. so would you still recommend taking the test again?	1
"Mitch McConnell, ""We have no policies""."	1
"My opinion was always that Wyverns are a type/subspecies of dragon. Saying ""that's not a dragon, that's a wyvern"" is about as useful as saying ""that's not a dog, that's a border collie!"""	1
Does anyone think anyone in this administration cares? They get a free pass. Also, like India instills confidence ??	0
Ratsasan top charter BGM Storyline Screenplay Dialogues Performance Picturized brilliantly Actions Cinematography Editing sound design ... spot-on class.	2
Such a fascinating game and really the only game I have ever gotten so interested in. The ELO system is inspiring because it gives you a goal	2
"When I was in the pyschward for 3 days, I just stayed in my room the entire time. It just basically felt like a hospital that you weren't allowed to leave. 
-Screaming at night, yes. 
-Patients standing in the corner for hours without moving.
-Some would randomly start urinating while walking the hall(since we were all nude under the hospital gown)

The room I was first placed in was at the end of the hall, quiet, big, and I was alone. But after 3 days I was put in a room half the size, with 3 other people. And one of them would go HOURS saying, ""she knows"", over and over and over again until the sun would set.

Let me tell you... you have to have a strong brain to get yourself out without succumbing to lasting mental damage."	1
I like this video minicraf	2
Nice to see you back in the Philippines enjoying & trying Filipino dishes Sonny! ??????????	2
I got pen and paper and made a note of everything you said and pasted it on my wall. this was such a good video. I'm aiming for at least a 1400	2
If you think any device is hack proof at any time, you are incorrect.  Just do your best and not worry about it but have an action plan.	1
MENI SE SVI?A ??????	1
thanks a lot! I had chosen computer science as one of my optional subjects and I got an 8 in this which definitely made me feel more confident about my choice :)	2
Hey everyone, instead of the normal devlogs I put together this short summary of how I got into gamedev. I hope this is interesting and if you haven't already, consider subscribing :) The next video will be a normal devlog again.	2
Loved your reactions, I'm here from neel's channel and i recommend you to react to Arijit Singh, he's one of the best artist india produced and most followed artist on Spotify from India, you already listened to one of his songs ghungroo, you react to his live performances from award shows or any of his soulful songs like laal Ishq,janam Janam, phir bhi tumko chahunga and so on....	2
As a person living in the UK I can confirm this is an isolated incident. I just put the biscuits in a ziplock bag and beat the crap out of them with a rolling pin. This lady made me facepalm so bad.	0
Vaya ya no puedo esperar de este Nintendo Direct y me intriga mas el nuevo juego de Mario	1
Hes lowkey funny though ??	2
This dude is more energetic then I will ever be in my lifetime. This is literally hilarious.	2
For womens triple jump, Yuliana Rojas of Venezuela broke the record, she made a jump of 15.67m in Tokyo 2020	1
"Arsenal haters: ""you didn't beat anyone and it is only 3 games into the season""
Also Arsenal haters last season: ""You were beat by a championship team and have lost all your three games you are staring at relegation"" 
??????"	0
Not only were all four members of Pink Floyd phenomenal musicians and songwriters, they were fortunate enough to have some great engineering and production folks to assist them in delivering music that will never die. I cannot recall just how many times I spent in my bedroom with my headphones on just blissfully absorbed by Animals. Didnt need shrooms or acid to trip to this masterpiece.	2
I'm one of those fans that get excited when watching any Marvel movie or series. I love what Disney and Marvel Studios have created. I can't wait to watch all of these	2
Hey Mosh, your contents and teaching style  are straightforward and easy to follow. It would be great help if you do some tutorials based on medical imaging (CT,MRI) data! I am having difficulties in dealing with those. Thank you!	2
"Thank You so much ????????
Edureka !!

2:44 Introduction to Data Science
9:55 Data Analysis at Walmart
13:20 What is Data Science?
14:39 Who is a Data Scientist?
16:50 Data Science Skill Set
21:51 Data Science Job Roles
26:58 Data Life Cycle
30:25 Statistics & Probability
34:31 Categories of Data
34:50 Qualitative Data
36:09 Quantitative Data
39:11 What is Statistics?
41:32 Basic Terminologies in Statistics
   42:50 Sampling Techniques
   45:31 Random Sampling
   46:20 Systematic Sampling
   46:50 Stratified Sampling
47:54 Types of Statistics
50:38 Descriptive Statistics
55:52 Measures of Spread
   55:56 Range 
   56:44 Inter Quartile Range
   58:58 Variance
   59:36 Standard Deviation
1:14:25 Confusion Matrix
1:19:16 Probability
1:24:14 What is Probability?
1:27:13 Types of Events
1:27:58 Probability Distribution
1:28:15 Probability Density Function
1:30:02 Normal Distribution
1:30:51 Standard Deviation & Curve
1:31:19 Central Limit Theorem
1:33:12 Types of Probablity
   1:33:34 Marginal Probablity 
   1:34:06 Joint Probablity 
   1:34:58 Conditional Probablity 
1:35:56 Use-Case
1:39:46 Bayes Theorem
1:45:44 Inferential Statistics
1:56:40 Hypothesis Testing
2:00:34 Basics of Machine Learning
2:01:41 Need for Machine Learning 
2:07:03 What is Machine Learning?
2:09:21 Machine Learning Definitions
2:11:48 Machine Learning Process
2:18:31 Supervised Learning Algorithm
2:19:54 What is Regression?
2:21:23 Linear vs Logistic Regression
2:33:51 Linear Regression
2:25:27 Where is Linear Regression used?
2:27:11 Understanding Linear Regression
2:37:00 What is R-Square?
2:46:35 Logistic Regression
2:51:22 Logistic Regression Curve
2:53:02 Logistic Regression Equation
2:56:21 Logistic Regression Use-Cases
2:58:23 Demo
3:00:57 Implement Logistic Regression
   3:02:33 Import Libraries
   3:05:28 Analyzing Data
   3:11:52 Data Wrangling
   3:23:54 Train & Test Data
   3:20:44 Implement Logistic Regression
3:31:04 SUV Data Analysis
3:38:44 Decision Trees
3:39:50 What is Classification?
3:42:27 Types of Classification
   3:42:27 Decision Tree
   3:43:51 Random Forest
   3:45:06 Naive Bayes
   3:47:12 KNN
3:49:02 What is Decision Tree?
3:55:15 Decision Tree Terminologies
3:56:51 CART Algorithm
3:58:50 Entropy
4:00:15 What is Entropy?
4:23:52 Random Forest
4:27:29 Types of Classifier
4:31:17 Why Random Forest?
4:39:14 What is Random Forest?
4:51:26 How Random Forest Works?
4:51:36 Random Forest Algorithm
5:04:23 K Nearest Neighbour
5:05:33 What is KNN Algorithm?
5:08:50 KNN Algorithm Working
5:14:55 kNN Example
5:24:30 What is Naive Bayes?
5:25:13 Bayes Theorem
5:27:48 Bayes Theorem  Proof
5:29:43 Naive Bayes Working
5:39:06 Types of Naive Bayes
5:53:37 Support Vector Machine
5:57:40 What is SVM?
5:59:46 How does SVM work?
6:03:00 Introduction to Non-Linear SVM
6:04:48 SVM Example
6:06:12 Unsupervised Learning Algorithms - KMeans
6:06:18 What is Unsupervised Learning?
6:06:45 Unsupervised Learning: Process Flow
6:07:17 What is Clustering?
6:09:15 Types of Clustering
6:10:15 K-Means Clustering
6:10:40 K-Means Algorithm Working
6:16:17 K-Means Algorithm
6:19:16 Fuzzy C-Means Clustering  
6:21:22 Hierarchical Clustering
6:22:53 Association Clustering
6:24:57 Association Rule Mining
6:30:35 Apriori Algorithm
6:37:45 Apriori Demo
6:40:49 What is Reinforcement Learning?
6:42:48 Reinforcement Learning Process
6:51:10 Markov Decision Process
6:54:53 Understanding Q - Learning
7:13:12 Q-Learning Demo
7:25:34 The Bellman Equation
7:48:39 What is Deep Learning?
7:52:53 Why we need Artificial Neuron?
7:54:33 Perceptron Learning Algorithm
7:57:57 Activation Function
8:03:14 Single Layer Perceptron
8:04:04 What is Tensorflow?
8:07:25 Demo
8:21:03 What is a Computational Graph?
8:49:18 Limitations of Single Layer Perceptron
8:50:08 Multi-Layer Perceptron
8:51:24 What is Backpropagation?
8:52:26 Backpropagation Learning Algorithm
8:59:31 Multi-layer Perceptron Demo
9:01:23 Data Science Interview Questions"	2
Rest in peace Henry, and fly high with the angels ?? ??	2
<<Thanks for the update and keep doing what you do. My journey in the current market has taught me a lot of lessons, at the top of that list is that it never pays to live above one's means. I have managed to grow a nest egg of around $600k to a decent 7 figures in the space of a few months. Sad to say but a lot of us have poor money management skills. My 2 cents -get an advisor to keep you accountable and aid you make better decisions, Marnell English has been helping me a lot, all through my journey. I find it better to pay a little bit more for peace of mind than worry about money or market trends and still get >burned.	2
i love how uncle seetoh just goes in the stalls like nobody's business because he's a living legend xD	2
Muito bom esse vdeo mano, fico Sempre com gua na boca. ????????	2
Im a huge Playstation guy but one of my favorite things about Xbox is their startup screens. Theyre all uniquely amazing.	2
Its quite obvious to me that Sony fears Microsoft.  That's why they keep blocking games from going to Xbox. What the heck is wrong with a game coming out to all consoles so that everyone can play? Grow up Sony and mind your own business model and not what someone else is doing .	0
I lived in a motel for a while as a kid and it was episodes like these that captured my imagination and led to a life of loving history and studying it in university, history channel please bring this back	2
Sounds like a pretty solid lineup. I can't imagine them not doing the werewolf by night or guardians holiday special some what. But I guess we'll see.	2
"""Forgiveness"" means the debt goes away, never to be seen nor heard of again.  This is robbing Peter to pay Paul."	0
Love both Duggee and Bounce. But what is interesting is watching the difference between a puppy and an adult dog.  The adult dog has learned to take his time and appreciate the meal.  The puppy eats like its his last meal and taste is secondary. Love this father and son duo. Keep the videos coming.	2
"""If machines produce everything we need, the outcome will depend on how things are distributed. Everyone can enjoy a life of luxurious leisure if the machine-produced wealth is shared, or most people can end up miserably poor if the machine-owners successfully lobby against wealth redistribution. So far, the trend seems to be toward the second option, with technology driving ever-increasing inequality."" -- Stephen Hawking"	1
"Woo...!,this movie is inspirational most especially the last part where the little girl died I really love that part and there's a great lesson there.
Big thanks to the writer and all who put work to make this movie a success????????"	2
"Me encata esta Msica ??, me gusta mucho y sin duda uno de mis temas favoritos de Ti?sto ????
?????? ?????? ???????????????? ??????"	2
Love that they repeat the question before answering. It's hard to follow online classes when some students ask something and you only get the answer.	1
xFu@Mcover version ^_6alan eeO M Sxsupper moment~OR	1
*As the economic crisis keep rising, one needs to have different streams of income, a well detailed diversified investment portfolio in the financial markets is needed to survive, as well as secure a profitable investment future, Thanks to Mrs Sophia Johnny for improving my portfolio*	2
This game has come a very long way and is looking amazing! Good job so far! Me too is working on a 3d survival game and it is quite fun	2
The Liberal Arts are not worthless it has to do with our system of higher education.	1
2011, when this movie released Vidyut became the nationwide crush . Dhoom 1 for John & Force for Vidyut. No one can replace them in these two movies???	2
Look at me now! What an iconic speech, the whole thing.	2
When he took his hiatus, I genuinely thought that Nick was gonna finally take care of his health. It's a shame to see that nothing's changed	0
"Seeing Spider-Man No Way Home after Will be worth the wait hits different now because
It was it really was"	2
"*_""A true Warrior doesn't need a sword.""_*
- Thors the Troll

One of the best lines in the series"	2
"This series is a great addition to learning computer science, i.e. learning syntax, logic, algorithms. 
It gives context to everything, besides, it's fascinating."	2
Always enjoy Semra, even when shes covering LaLiga. The comment about McFred made my day ??	2
I don't think that Dickens' shortcomings as a husband and parent were a result of the difficulty of being great at two things at the same time but rather is an example of how difficult it is to overcome the emotional, spiritual, and psychic damages inflicted by an unhappy childhood. While he was able to turn his pain and suffering into art, quite an achievement, he wasn't able to heal emotionally. It's usually easier to deal with such things in abstract, intellectual and artistic ways. He was in many ways driven by his demons, and that can, surprisingly, take you very far in life, but it doesn't make you a better person. In fact, the success may militate against real change.	0
The fact he can do all this without seeing what he's doing is absolute gold.	2
People overlook physics too much, this is where the cool stuff comes from :)	2
"It's also worth noting that the primary assumption behind DRM is that people that would pirate a game if there's no DRM would legally buy the game if there's DRM.  That's a really absurd assumption.  Most people that are actually doing the pirating would otherwise not buy the game at all, so their piracy has a net zero impact on the developer.

And DRM gets cracked in only a few months, so the pirates need only wait anyway.

DRM does only one thing, and that's punish the people that legally buy the game."	0
"Chillest programming channel i've ever stumbled upon.

Good shit bro, keep it up."	2
I've been watching since the start. this is the best devlog ever, and I can't wait till it's done!	2
NOT EVEN CLOSE AS BEST ACTION, FULL OF BS	0
OMG, this is awesome, this the only real day in a life I've ever seen, usually it's just some blog eating fancy food and going to the gym, never telling exactly what they do, but this guy did it correctly, congrats!	2
Brents face tho when Andrew said We already did a 24 hour challenge in the bed??	1
Can we please put this to rest? Mooshelle has udders. Chase? No udders as far as we've seen.	1
"Notice how the guy calling in keeps saying ""we"" in regards to Ukraine. Weird."	0
It's disgusting and horrifying that there are people walking around like this especially if he's aspiring to be in any position of power.	0
That first half was a master-class by KDB and that goal, using the outside of his foot, was terrific.	2
"1:48 ""Even though they might look happy, they most certainly aren't""..... 
That Hedgehog is living his best life, gets to eat all day and gets plenty of attention."	2
Indian Professors always makes things easier to understand atleast my experience is that , loved the way he teaches	2
Refreshing to see a sober dude.. Adam and killing the interviews...	2
Hindi talaga matatalo si tatay randy sa ulam basta masarap lagi syang lamang pag hindi masarap ulam nila halos ayaw kumain ??	1
The ipad tapping sounds really good! The writing too! I really like this background since it helps me watch it before I sleep!	2
A great tour de force video, Thu!  Many thanks for putting this together.  So much great information - will be taking notes on my 2nd and 3rd viewings??. Keep up the good work!	2
"""Begin to weave and God will give you the thread."" 

 - German proverb"	1
I'm watching this channel for 2 years and it's so nostalgic to watch in 2022	2
No 1 director Puri in india	1
unreal engine left the chat	0
"""It's 2019 there's no way you're bad at computers"" 
You've clearly never worked in tech support."	0
It's like Netflix for history... Sign up to History Hit, the world's best history documentary service and get 50% off using the code 'TIMELINE' https://bit.ly/3dPKsuC	2
????????????????? ????????????????	1
Thank you, Richard for your interview tips. I participated in 3 interviews and I got all three, including my dream job. it's amazing how your tips are applied in real terms and successful	2
Rubik's cube logic you repeat same moves it will return to the same position eventually after a multiple of 4 moves	1
"Binged your videos and they have been extremely helpful. I have a very important interview tomorrow - hope I get in with your guidance, Richard!
Edit: I got the job at my dream company!!!!"	2
This was literally the best SML in years, and there have been literally nothing but bangers for the last few years. Keep up the AWESOME work guys!	2
I love that her parents apologized for the childhood they gave her. My dad cant even admit to the bad childhood he gave me.	2
??????????	1
Quanta Magazine always does a brilliant job at condensing scientific discoveries for a wider audience. I love what you do.	2
this guy's memory is wild. he can recall that he was in this exact position against this specific player like 10 years ago.	1
3:51:00 Magnus sacs queen	1
"Quote of Donald Trump talking about the Fifth Amendment in 2016 election ""You see the mob takes the Fifth,"" he said during one rally in Iowa. ""If you're innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment?"""	1
Using this to study for my bio eoc tomorrow ??	2
Siva karthikeyan is one of my favorite actor ....??? i have been seen his every films .... he is also one of the actor who don't have arrogance ?????.....luv him a lot and a lot	2
We all know John Cenas return from this year shouldve been on there	1
"Je pose ma question avant de finir la vido mais je voulais quand mme ton avis sur le prix de la collector 
Je suis un norme fan de la licence et je sens que je vais prendre la collector, mais quand mme, elle est pas hyper chre ?

Et sinon coucou quand mme ahah ??"	1
I am greatly impressed with this lecture. So simplified with imaginable analogies. Thank you so much sir and the greatlearning team.	2
"Wow those puppet cubes look crazy, reminds me of the ""secret move"" on the 3x3x2"	2
More great content as always! I watched a TON of your stuff, and recently started my best job ever in my career 2 weeks ago, and your content def helped me pass. Thank you for what you do!	2
"Your heart isnt glass - dont shatter it
Your skin isnt a book - dont judge it
Your life isnt a movie - dont end it
Your body isnt paper - dont cut it
Stay strong ?"	1
"""Laugh as much as you choose but you will not laugh me out of my opinion""- Jane Austen. My absolute favorite and it never gets old ;)"	2
seeing Mike actually struggling with a spicy dish is slightly mind-blowing	1
"When I went looking for a dashcam my main criteria was that it has a super cap instead of a battery, cause I really don't think the batteries would handle the -20 to -30c temps in winter and the exact opposite in the summer along with however much the sun heats up the interior. (I know you can take them off but I kinda wanted an install and forget about it kind of system)

For actual performance it's much better to just find someone elses footage cause the resolution and other specs are very misleading, unless you really know your camera sensor specs."	0
Thank you so much! I'm 23 years old and FINALLY binary system makes sense to me! So pleased!!! Feels like learning a new language in 10 minutes.	2
"So, a bonsai could theoretically become a normal, huge tree when planted elsewhere. But the question is, is a tree happier when it grows way bigger? Or is the tree happy when its small too? The obvious answer is no, the tree doesnt care. Another answer would be we have no way of knowing. People like to assign emotions to things, but a lot of the time those emotions are just self-reflection. 

People assign the wrong emotions to animals too, even though we know animals can feel emotion, people still misunderstand them and describe them incorrectly. This happens all the time. 

So even when we find out trees can experience emotion (and some evidence already suggests this) we would probably still force our own perspective onto them, like we do now.

What we do know for a fact is that plants do what they do, with the conditions they are given. Are they satisfied being the tree that they are? I dont think trees know this concept. I think people shouldnt anthromorphise their idea of succes and satisfaction onto plants. In fact, people already project their ideas of success onto other people and animals who dont need it. The trees definitely dont need it either."	0
Whenever the republican says raid the interviewer needs to respond with executed a lawful search for evidence of a crime, which was obtained legally and if (when) they counter with Hillarys emails, they need to be reminded that trump was in office for four years and failed to lock her up so its just an inflammatory phrase	0
This is not only an English teaching channel, it goes beyond that.  Keep up the great work!	2
In spite of the huge upgrades, especially for the Pro models, it would be interesting to see how many will upgrade to the iPhone 14 lineup, given that the iPhone 13 lineup is as popular as ever	2
From Bollywood These Two Actors Can Do These Role ????	2
"Him:WE ARE GOING TO CONTROL BLUE FROM RAINBOW FRIENDS
him:*Goes on a roplay game*"	1
I cant imagine a more perfect Mission Impossible movie than Fallout.	2
Thats amazing way of cooking!!! Cheers from IRELAND ????	2
i'm glad I got into crypto when I did because its been a turning point for me financially,been my best decision so far.	2
These earrings give me so good tingles. Thanks for another lovely video. ?	2
Wow looks so yummy!	2
Everytime I see one of these shorts I question every single thing thats made my life lead up to this moment, still love the content	2
I like to listen to this in the morning while having my breakfast its very positive and relaxing ????	2
It was so funny ?? I am dying of laughing ??	2
Dude I can't thank you enough. This is the first time I have understood anything about cell and found it interesting. This is literally a game changer. Thanks a Lott!!!	2
Awesome vid as always Azzy!!!	2
"""As a dramatist Shakespeare makes humans into important huge things. Milton seems to be making important huge things have a human personification.""

It truly is comparing apples to oranges. Both are preeminent English lit. masters and are distinguished in their own right. Enjoyable and enriching experience!"	2
"We have S400 and other top class defense systems so our country is safe from missile attacks from all sides 
Tuimlog apni fikar karo"	1
Baldacci, thank you for accepting this interview. I appreciate your genuine honesty and acknowledgment of your past. I feel your strength and kindness. Real talk. Bless you man	2
"Correct me if I am wrong.  Doge Chain has NOTHING to do with DOGE Coin right?  Why would anyone buy DOGE knowing that..
Also..  EMA's are like most tools in TA.  Lagging indicators.  They only exist AFTER moves are made."	0
Kukul kama mila adukaranna appo, munta posathwenna paribogikayo munge biththare kanna kiyana kiyana ganata, masa3,4,k warjane karama biththare welenawa hellenawa, athakota kohomada vikunanne, kikiliyonta  wada bithara danne mafiya karayone,	1
We're definitely seeing Blonsky, or Wong for sure in the next episode. I'm so excited!!	2
Can we just stop and take a moment to appreciate everything Jimmy dose	2
"""In a room with 27 people, can everyone shake hands with 9 people?"" Yes, without further clarified restrictions, everyone has the opportunity to shake hands with 26 people."	1
Pues estara mejor que The Rock haga un WWE VS AEW ahora con esta nueva era de Triple H estara sper epico	1
Jestem dumny z Sary ?e pojecha?a do Ameryki i pokaza?a dwukrotnie, ?e potrafi ?piewa?. Utwr z castingu i z fina?u normalnie czad! Jestem cholernie wzruszony tyle mog? powiedzie?... Wielkie brawa dla 14 letniej gwiazdy ????????????	1
"my prediction:

790 math (i will miss 1 question because i either miscounted squares on a graph or multiplied numbers wrong)
740 reading writing (i will do something stupid)

1530 overall"	0
Nice illustrations!??	2
THIS DEBATEE SHOULD BE TRANSLATED IN HINDI ALSO FOR HINDI PEOPLE TO UNDERSTAND WELL. WISHES	1
Real Republicans would feel their skin crawl looking at that interview with the Florida Man. What did Trump do to them?	0
I love how much time and effort u put into these and I wish u could cook a meal for me. And this is the best asmr I seen in a while keep up the good work	2
The first thing I thought when this video began was that Magnus would probably be playing in the SCC again, damn Im excited	2
   ,            ?	1
Mosh, thank you so much for the countless digestible tutorials! I was able to effortlessly learn Python because of your effective teaching style. Would you be able to make a course/playlist for C++? Thanks again!	2
This is clearly an old video, but Lemme say, I've been watching this video everyday for the last week or two and I can finally solve the cube without watching. I'ts been a long waiting bucket list thing to solve this without help and i got it! Thanks J Perm, loved the video and your content.	2
Saudade da inf?ncia, que nostalgia	1
The builds they did look super cool! They surely didn't use machines or something right?	2
Hola gongsam te quiero mucho te quedo deliciosa la comida muchos saludos que estes bien ?????????? todo muy delicioso	2
"Me: ""Can I get some ice with that?""

Jeanelle: ""Sorry our ice machine broke"""	0
This song makes me feel like i lost someone i never had	0
op hacks with bebu are amazing BTW congrats for 1.45 M subs 2M soon	2
it's really comfortable . I might be late on commenting on this video and maybe nobody will see this comment,  but I come here every morning and afternoon because of my depression.  This calming music helped me a lot. I just wanted to say thank you for letting me through my tough times	2
I love how at first people started laughing but then they started getting annoyed. Yelling into a mic for the 12th in a row or swearing isnt funny unless you are like 10 like most of our audience here	1
Super pumped to see who is coming in F4 full steam ahead with everything that's coming in the Thunderbolts, Kang Dynasty, Secret Wars and so much more in the MCU!!!	2
This is great! I am trying to transition from sales/management to data analyst and eventually data science. Great video to help individuals like myself transitioning careers into something they truly enjoy; problem solving.	2
I love your stuff.  Reminds me of my mom!  She could figure out and fix or convert anything,  bravo????????	2
can we all just appreciate how wholesome chris is	2
What's even more crazy is that Jane Austen wasn't formally recognized as a great writer until the 1920's! During her life, people did not largely read her work, and it wasn't until many decades later when a Harvard Scholar wrote a seminal paper on her work did she finally get attention!	0
Ive actually been looking for macro pads recently and you just upload the very thing I needed! I love that you can customize it to fit your aesthetic, truly a must have for any setup	2
my mom used to play one of these with me!  ours was growing a vegetable patch.  you would till the soil, and make the rows, then planting the seeds and naming each type of veggie as you went, then covering the seeds with dirt, and then rain falling over them all and sunshine shining on them to help them grow TT u TT  very good childhood memories indeed.  these were great to listen to, thank you so much for sharing and triggering a lot of us in the best of ways.	2
Were almost at 4 Million Subscribers on this channel! Even if your old channel got 9 Million, this is your fastest growing channel and is well deserved. This is the best video of the year hands down and its crazy thinking about how much effort was put into this. Congratulations on all youve achieved on YouTube and will continue to achieve in the future. Thank you for this amazing video.	2
Glad that Mark chose to work with SeeToh, someone who has lived the 70s/80s, someone who has tasted and knows how authentic Singapore Street/Hawker Food in the 70s/80s were like, and how they were authentically prepared and the ingredients originally used in that era.......things that young people wouldn't know.	2
Here in NZ 50% of retailers dont even have contactless credit card machines like pay-wave which support Apple Pay. They dont like the high fees that come with these.	0
Honestly I appreciate you and your content < Technical Analysis is good but I find It truly baffling that major crypto youtubers just look mostly at pure T.A and completely ignore the bigger narrative of why BTC is pumps/pumped and why the future outlook will be even rosier than it seems. It's kinda irresponsible to ignore the fact that each ETF launch so far has caused a major dump at the peaks of BTC. We were already on shaky footing with historically low volume and almost pure whale pumps,narrowly avoiding a long-term bear market. More emphasis should be put into day tradiing as it is less affected by the unpredictable nature of the market. I have made over 12 btc from day tradng with *WTRADE INSPECTS* insights and charts. They been one step ahead of other analysis..	0
Im kinda glad the iPhone 14 is still the same as 12 and 13, gives me a reason to keep my money and my iPhone 12 Pro Max ?????	2
erik and daniel being gujarati . also magnus and samay continuous stream incoming	1
"Imagine Google saying they have a robot that is ""aware"" of itself to manipulate the vision people already have of robots by programming certain responses for questions that already exist. That is actually more believable then what they say it is."	1
Thank you so much sir, you are making us to break the fear levels  of Learning data science :)	2
Respect to the cameraman who survived all that turning and shaking and the acids	2
Thank you for having me!	2
"????? ???? ?????????, ????? ????? ???? ?? ?????? ?????
????????  ???????  ???? ???"	1
"A thought hit me recently- we need a ""Guga Meatloaf""- I can just imagine how amazing that would be. Whether with Waygu or regular beef I think it would be an awesome experiment."	2
Richie Rich here got his job because his dad plays golf with a hedge fund owner. This market is going down by October. But don't worry - Richie Rich will get a new job. The perks of being wrong but rich and white.	1
"Lannan: Is disgusted from photos

Also Lannan: *continues looking*"	0
6th!!	2
The only thing I thing needs upgrade is the site navigation for newbies.	1
"Temmuz ve A?ustos aylar? okullar kapan?nca Avrupada, imkan? olan u?a?a veya arabaya atlay?p Trkiyeye gider. Karayollar?n? tercih edenler o yollara s?la yolu derler. S?la yani ?zledi?i yer, do?up byd? yer demek. 
Yol genellikle 2-3 gn aras? srer ya?ad???n lkenin uzakl???na g?re, zorlu ama heyecanl? bir yok olur ??"	1
I'd just like to point out that Odysseus' sleeping around was necessary for his survival. If a powerful goddess like Circe or Calypso wants to have sex with you, you don't have much choice. If you reject them, it could spell doom for you, or your loved ones. Horny gods punishing mortals for denying them sex is a recurring theme throughout Classical Mythology.	0
this is by no means a history of chess, just a history of chess world champions. there is a lot more that is more general and more interesting than who exactly beat whom in how many games	2
I absolutely LOVED baseball in Wii so I hope it comes as a DLC. Since Golf is coming, I really hope they continue adding sports.	2
Finally, someone actually made the live action Shrek movie no one wanted	1
Love this song, it's got some cool beats to it with an electronic twist!! ??????	2
Got chills ?? they dont make timeless music like this no more ??	0
I'm subscribe you thanks for tutorial	2
I had a hunch that the survivors would win, even with their low quality gear. I knew because they had spirit, determination, and unity. That's what makes an army strong.	2
Can we just appreciate how Oshine picked up the toy after she fell off XD	2
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
This is peak LTT. I can imagine how proud the team is putting this together!	2
"Rook's: can move in straight lines left and right or up and down but cant jump over other pieces
Bishop's: can move diagonally as far as it wants as long as there is no pieces in the way of it 
Knight's: the only piece that can jump other pieces and can move in the shape of an L 
King: can only move 1 time in any direction is known as the most Important piece but also the most useless 
Queen: can move as far as she wants in any direction as long as there's not a piece blocking her (small edit she is also known as the strongest piece on the board)
Pawn's: Pawns can move forwards 2 times on the first turn but only once after that on following turns and can only kill moving diagonally forward if the pawn reaches the opponents side of the board you can substitute it for any of your former pieces lost i.e if you lost the queen you could bring the queen back by getting a pawn to the opponents side
i hope i didn't miss anything also i hope this helps!! Oh and a side note White always goes first"	1
Loving the content your putting out in 2022. Great stuff Iman! Keep it up	2
Starting a company is like eating glass and staring into the abyss. Having started 2 small corner stores myself , this quote is very true .	1
Im kinda undecided on my major, Ive thought about optometry but I dont want to do 8 years of school. My mom and dad are software engineers but its never really been my passion, do you think a CS degree is worth it? Like especially with jobs and stuff after graduating, are you able to still enjoy or have free time?	0
I used to own a Time Machine (well, actually a Time Capsule) but the drive in it failed. I would love to see Apple bring back a modern version of that device. The Pro watch is attractive (Im still rocking a 6) and forget about *any* new iPhone until they have USB-C/Thunderbolt 4.	2
I had so much fun filming this video! I love the final product. Thank you Wired!	2
*Absolute History Prehistoric people paint art in cave paintings appreciate your videos Listening ?? from Mass USA TYVM ??*	2
"Emotional day.

Haven't seen a Newcastle side play that well (against Man City no less) in a very long time. 

Gutted but grateful to get a point in the end.  Just a heroic team performance. Could single every player in the starting XI out for praise.  Just so proud of all of them.

As for City, I'll just say I clapped as soon as I saw De Bruyne had played Silva in on goal.  Just phenomenal football.  I mean, at times during that match, it was terrifying when City had possession.  A wonderful side and a wonderful manager."	2
Omg, I love for these kinds of videos from you! Perfection again ?	2
What a great actor. I hope he gets paid lmao	2
The game pad that you highlighted actually is already available. I am a right arm amputee and also a big gamer and was considering buying it but its over $200 US and you would still need a mouse. Also I have already become very proficient using a standard controller for gaming already and mostly mostly use an Xbox controller for my PC so I decided it wasnt worth it. But its still a very good design in my opinion and I would love to see how it feels to use irl just not at that price point lol.	2
Animals are such agreeable friendsthey ask no questions; they pass no criticisms.	2
In this dance practice, Lisa movement really sharp & crazy.. She's the main dancer and yes i love all members too.. Blackpink is the REVOLUTION!	2
Bro part2 ,??	2
Those spicy pickles looked good, I might have to try that! ????	2
Wesley trollin d chair ??????	1
"a message to anybody's who's stressed, needs to go to sleep, or is in a low point in their life- 
its okay. take a deep breath and embrace life as it is. Life isn't perfect. But we can always find joy in it. 

A phoenix always rises from the ashes. You got this."	2
I love when you post a lot!!	2
"""India is a country of a billion people but..."" if anyone ever says that stuff again ask them what is the addressable market for their product and watch the fun. I'll bet my money ~99% of these so called entrepreneurs don't know how big their market actually is that's why they can never convert their company into conglomerates."	0
God bless Ten Hag. Finally, MU has a manager with balls. I pray he gets time to implement his vision and philosophy.	2
So now the question becomes, did they raise themselves just because it was Liverpool or has Ten Hag become the first coach in a long time at that club to actually instill an attitude shift in his players.	1
I mean the replay is okay, but I wish I could've watched this live.	2
"  ??????
   !!!  ??"	1
I always listen to this in my research lab or when I'm studying- it's so peaceful!	2
MENUDO HYPE!	2
As you can see we are already in August and I feel those who would allow the market dynamism to determine when to trade or not are either new in space in general or probably just na?ve, the sphere have seen far worse times than this, enlightened traders continue to make good use of the dip and pump even acquiring more equities towards trading sessions, I'd say that more emphasis should be put into trading since it is way profitable than holding. Trading went smooth for me as I was able to raise over 9.2 BTC when I started at 3.5 BTC  in just few weeks implementing trades with signals and insights from LIBERTON CORP would advise yall to trade your asset rather than hold for a future you aren't sure about.	2
"Please how many hours do you spend in reading? Like for a day? Please reply this, its quite urgent.
Thank you"	1
I have a little question, in the whole calculation of RMSE in linear regression , why are we addting 1/m instead of multiplying it by 1/m. Even if we consider the units of the entities, we are trying to add a number with distance .	1
I actually really enjoyed this trailer, probably the best out of the previous She Hulk trailers. There are a few things I'm worried about with this show... but it definitely has lots of potential	2
yahh anh Viruss ni ?ng chu?n, Mono c gu ?m nh?c v c nhi?u l?i th? v? m?t truy?n th?ng lc debut, mong Mono s? xem ???c reaction v c?i thi?n thm v? thanh nh?c v?y th trong t??ng lai s? c nhi?u thnh c?ng h?n n?a	1
The 251M is a great cube, the newer versions,  which are one of the Air, Leap or Pro and the Air has not as many features as the Pro and Leap, and the Leap just has bigger core magnets than the pro, which can sometimes be a disadvantage, i main the 251M Pro, with the default GES and set it up with 2-3 drops of DNM which stops most of the catches and lockups.	2
Basta taga cebu, lami jd me mang luto! ??	2
Thank you for this video. I'm currently curating my documents and this is helping me search based off of the keywords.	2
Learning about scientists finding a new home literally made me choke up. Axolotls are my favorite animal and I try to support any conservation organization centered around them as much as I can. They are such beautiful and magnificent creatures, and Im so happy they have been in the limelight more often these days. I truly hope their wild population can begin flourishing again :,)	2
I just love history. Discovering this channel has brought me much enjoyment.  Thank you.	2
"The fact that the version of RE7 that came out was considered ""marketing's worst nightmare"" shows you that listening to marketing people is a foolish idea when it comes to creative endeavours."	0
Well just DAMN!  This didn't waste any time or lose my attention.  Full action, full-time and screw the backstory, you'll figure it out.  Great flick!!	2
"Cyberpunk 25 euros en version Ps5 
Et Mtro Exodus pour 7,50 version ps5 galement ????"	1
Sorry for the 16 year old! My child at 16 yrs. could not be out partying at 12 midnight. No way no how! Hate me now. Love me later!	0
Matty was my intro to ASMR 5 years ago. Never gets old	2
One of the coolest things to me about orcas that the video doesnt mention is that there has never been a recorded human death from a wild orca. But orcas have been recorded and seen leading humans towards pods of whales to hunt. They might see humans as a potential symbiotic relationship since theyre known to eat human leftovers from whaling or snag stray fish when fishermen use nets. Just super cool that they easily could attack and kill humans but seemingly have no interest in doing so	2
I can literally speed cube with that now without any worrys	2
"Someone: 12 by 12 is hardest
Blue boi: are you sure about that"	1
I love how he teaches multiple coding languages the same, it makes learning them a lot easier and quicker to understand	2
Calculus, Discrete Math, Linear Algebra IS A MUST!!!	2
Okay that's thumbnail is really cool, now that would be something I would absolutely love to see on video.	2
"23:23   _Hermosa eleccin_ 18kissx.Uno
_los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer_ 

10:10 Hopi:
-Sweeter-
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 kgyn Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
-ma?as no se la- 

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genia"	1
where are all the neurons, weights and biases stored? in ram, in a database? what datastructure  is used?	1
I would love the glasses and the digital artwork frame	2
"DUDE THAT FIRST ONE...
that was a mix ive never heard...literally so awesome!!!!!!"	2
Im surprised there were no Splatoon images.	1
Madd respect for Boosie, this man talks common sense and self respect. Need more like this man and many more men out here in this world!!!!!	2
It Soo sad but interesting	0
"06:00 Hollow Knight
07:15 High on Life
13:45 Plague Tale
15:50 Forza
22:40 Flight Simulator
25:00 Overwatch
28:25 Ara History Untold 
34:20 Forza
35:55 ARK
36:45 Scorn
38:00 Flintlock
40:25 Minecraft Legends
42:40 Lightyear Frontier
44:15 Gunfire Reborn
45:30 The last case of Benedict Fox
48:25 As Dusk Falls
50:40 Naraka: bladepoint
52:20 Pentiment (from Obsidian)
53:50 Grounded (from Obsidian)
56:15 Ereban: shadow legacy
57:40 Diablo 4
1:05:45 Sea of Thieves
1:07:45 Ravenlok
1:09:25 Cacoon
1:10:55 Wo Long: fallen dynasty
1:13:15 Persona 5 Royal
1:18:40"	1
Unfair because Brighton and Hove Albion have two teams against West Hams one.	1
"Not willing to watch others Review, always waiting for Legend ""Mr. KRK""??"	1
12:03 I agree with Ryan, the sound design is on point, animations, world building too. Kane Pixels is a very talented 17 year old person	2
"This game looks fantastic! It originally seemed like a barebones sequel to the wii games, but it's shaping up to be a really fun experience. Character customization, tons of modes, great music and visuals, online, and free updates? I'm happy.

Hopefully more sports will be added beyond golf. I'd love to see baseball and boxing make a return."	2
Found this video while watching 'Day in the life' videos of other PHD students. I'm incredibly happy that I did. Thank you for the sheer gold comedy. Subscribed.	2
"I tend to stick to games made before 2010 as they give the best value and experience.
Feels like games were made for fun rather then rip off the player."	2
"Its nice to have a bag that doesnt scream designer well I have a wardrobe full of clothes that dont even whisper designer                                                     



   

(Yall it makes me so happy that I made you laugh ??)"	2
You all had months to get out of Cel...as soon as I heard the fed was looking at them I pulled out 100%..	0
Using the campfire smoke and the loom block as a vent. Use it for a escape room to make it seem like there's gas leaking inside. Then pair that with pistons to move layers of the roof and shoot poison potions down and you got a good saw map idea. Maybe use those potion arrow particals to your advantage too!	1
This is so easy to learn. Thank you Lisa! Thank you Pianote! ??????????	2
I'll upgrade when they finally put USB-C on next year's iPhone.	2
Happy Independence Day Ukrainians!!!	2
"Excellent. Been minimizing for decades now. 
The World is always Perfect. It is the mind that tries to make it NOT so."	1
I Like BTC and ETH, but real money will be made with GuardenToken  Thank me later!!.	2
I love how Nikhil is just being the best when it comes to explaining vegetarianism in India.....Like we don't need a veg biriyani....who even invented them..	2
This is the some of the best math help Ive ever found for the SAT	2
"Hi Morgan! Just want to tell you that I really loved the ""Skillset to Interest"" Framework. It really did a good job. I'm not a game-related worker but this thing helps me up to retrospect my career skill set. Thanks for making this video!"	2
This is a great resource, for study, review and teaching! ??????? Thank you so much for this, and for your channel! ??	2
"Hey Shane!
A bit off topic but I wanna ask a question.
My dream career is MIS but in the universities that are presented to me bachelor degrees in MIS aren't offered, there are only masters in MIS, so my question is: What bachelor should I get to master in MIS?
Help would be appreciated!"	1
"3:13 hilarious review ????????
I am Pakistani and I always wait for KRK videos, by God big fan KRK bro
I watch your videos everyday because you always made my day with your incredible review, also I'd say KRK's viewer doing unfair with him because he deserves like similar to views, everyone must like his videos because he is doing hard working for us and he always keep us updated about bollywood activities and news, so he deserves for views, like and followers.
Love from Lahore, Pakistan"	2
Love listening to this mix when chilling! Its some how relaxing	2
"I am a speedcuber I have learned more than 20 algorithms of rubikis cube 
This method can be done only when it is scrambled  in its relative manner.
Otherwise this method failed"	1
I want to learn Russian to be able to read his original amazing novels	2
I find myself here over and over again at Magic Music Mix every time I need to get creative and work on some YouTube videos!  Always a big ThumbsUP!	2
lets put this in simplest terms the hadron collider is just a particle infuser.	1
Very funny video ??	2
The fact you use your own equipment to test that the board worked is a testament to the quality of your service. The customer mailed you a board. I would of just mailed it back after the repair.	1
"My portfolio is always growing. ""Be fearless when others are scared,"" Warren Buffet famously stated. Long-term investments should be made, and patience is a virtue Because the stock market ALWAYS rebounds."	2
i'm actually in an English major and English is not my first language (it's Spanish) and yes reading classics is really overwhelming especially if it's not your first language, at least for me what it helped me was start with short stories or poems so you can go slow with unknown words. Also start with classical short stories like a 20th century author for me are a way easier than ancient authors. Another thing you can do is let the text flows naturally, when i read the scarlet letter it was hard for some words but as long as you know the context or what is happening is fine.??	2
"I miss u a both of them legends of bollywood industry
Rishi sir, Sridevi mam, Pran Sir."	1
Wow imagine having the ability to determine the weather simply by looking out the window, what a world we are living in.	1
Its crazy how much time and effort you put into these videos. Huge respect. Keep up the work!	2
this is a really clear, concise and helpful lecture. Thanks!	2
Personally I'm stoked for the family plan.	2
"I had, and experienced, this same experiment in a high school physics class in 1959 as we studied pendulum motion. The teacher of that class was a PhD physicist taking a two year sabbatical from a national lab. His demonstration also included a lesson in the difference between what we say and what we believe. Each of us sat on a high stool as a shotput suspended from the high ceiling by a cable was brought up to within an inch or two of our nose. He asked each of us, ""Do you know the laws of pendulum motion."" Our response was of course ""Yes."" Then just as he released the shotput he said, ""Know we will see if you believe them."" Most, but not all sat still as that eight pounds of lead rocketed back towards our noses. Only a few ducked away a the last second. That was 63 years ago. I remember it like it was yesterday. Sadly, today that teacher would not be able to do that experiment (or any of the other amazing things he did in that classroom.) The lessons are to structured, preprogramed, and rigid for creative teachers to inspire the young minds and imaginations of their students. Plus the specter of liability would be the death of any imaginative and creative teaching."	1
This man said he was perfect. Wow some people.	1
Hi Richard, I just want to thank you for putting these videos out.  I watched and studied them.  I  picked up many Tips and words to use in my interview.  I received a job offer with a major airline.  I am so glad that I put in the time and effort to study your videos.  I thank you for putting them out there.  Please keep up the great work.	2
"""A people that elect corrupt politicians, imposters, thieves and traitors are not victims, but accomplices.""
_George Orwell"	0
"Every time he says ""Look at me now""  I feel it. 

Happy for him  ????????????????????????"	2
When I first got into watching Netflix, there were a lot of low budget but very original and interesting documentaries and TV series on it. However in recent times, I feel like a lot of the diversity in the platform has gone.	2
I love it worship song .????	2
As a person whom has experienced divorce myself I completely understand. When the feelings are gone...you on roommate level....it's run its course. I had to move on and find my own happiness. Living in internal misery daily just to make another person happy isn't LIFE! Prayers for Gary and his entire family. Especially prayers for restoration with his children ???? ??	1
HOW CAN I GET FEE WAIVER FOR SAT EXAM . I COMPLETE CLASS 12 IN 2020 BUT NOT JOINED ANY COLLEGE . PLEASE SAY , HOW CAN I GET FEE WAIVER ????	0
"Genderbent Kermit: *pole dancing*
Me: ""Lord forgive me for what I'm about to do."""	1
Chalo Mai bhi likh deta hu PJ never disappoints ??  btw sach mein nhi karta ye banda disappoint ??	1
best channel I have ever seen.	2
"I have launched my own start up! In celebration of that we are giving away $10,000 in crypto! Make sure to enter the METACENT $10,000 GIVEAWAY:
https://gleam.io/tGeMT/metacent-giveaway"	2
"I D E A for new civilization experiment:
Nations are split on the big continent and a small lake isle in the center of continent
The nations are: Plains: boost to farming and gathering resources (get more of them) + they have additional heart in ther region, but they have -1 heart in other regions (so making a nation to defend, rather then attack) Structures: Castle and village next to it
Jungle: Jump higher and get much lower fall damage (can build special sorts of bases, I guess), but -1 heart overall. Structures: Aztec Temple and village on trees
Desert: Loses less hunger bars over time
+ other nations in their region lose 1 heart, but the desert people lose 1 heart in other regions, like the Plains. Structures: A pyramid and a trading post
Swamp: Their potions are more effective and lasting + they don't need to kill blazes to make potions, but they have -1 heart in THEIR region. Structures: Giant witch hut
Islanders (live on their own island) : Faster swimming on boats and themselves, better fishing efficiency, but the isle is little and not much land is fertile (that makes them invade others) Structures: Seaport / Dock and Coastal village. 
Snow: It is very cold there and people are brutal. They are -2 heart s in the beginning, but for every kill they get +1 heart (that makes them an aggressive, unstable society), but they can eat only meat (because they probably have never seen vegetables) Structures: igloo village plus Viking fort
Mountains: Quick diggers (1,5x speed)
Structures: Forgotten mine + dvarvish fortress
The situation of the regions: 
               Snow                  Mountains


Plains                  Islanders              Swamp
     

             Jungle                        Desert"	1
I tingled from start to finish. A new record for me :D Thanks so much for the upload.	2
Listening to this song at night while closing your eyes just bring you to a whole different place.	2
What would be the point in multiple consoles if they are all the same then?  We might as well have a one console nation.   No competition or reasons to buy different consoles.   Exclusives give each console an identity and reasons to invest into a particular console.  Theres a reason Netflix has different movies from HBO Max.	1
"The ""very little time delay"" is the reason why It's still considered something in the future"	1
You are genuinely a great teacher. I finally solved my first Rubiks cube at age 47 after so many years of frustrations. Now I can teach my 7 year old son!	2
Incredible job putting this together, Jimmy! So much work and detail went into making this happen ??	2
"Merci pour ta petite review sur le verus, trs intressant d'avoir ton aper?u technique.

Donc effectivement avant d'investir d'avantage il vaut peut tre mieu attendre que ce soit sur des gros exchange et attendre un retrace.

Je suis assez fan des fondamentaux,  donc je vais pas vendre,  mais investir avec plus de prcaution sans doute. Je pense quand mme qu'il en vaut la peine mais reste risqu. (Vaut mieu pas mettre toute ces billes dans le mme panier) 

Merci encore pour tes efforts et ton analyse."	1
i have been with u since the beginning of your hardcore series. your content continues to get better and better. keep up the great work	2
HEX did so well because it was very low market cap plus at the time there was much less coins around, now there are more competitors.	2
If you are from the Caribbean or grew up thereyou see clearly where our cuisine comes from and our roots	1
I really wish they would beef up the storage on the S for it's current price. A 1tb XBOX X is the same price as an S with a 1tb expansion, makes it way less appealing. Granted you end up with a little more storage that way but also less capability in the S. Overall I feel if it wasn't for the whole world collectively crapping itself over the last couple yrs last gen would have already been put out to pasture. As it stands there's not enough current gen owners to pull that trigger yet so games have this half in half out feel. Hopefully production ramps up for PS and XBOX so we can leave last gen behind.	0
I remember having majority websites blocked in school oh my God that was such a freaking pain XD	0
Kate Bishop's arrows are tech that is why she is tech.	1
"I just bought my first Xbox system 3 weeks ago (series s). And their Game Pass is awesome. I've already tried about 15 games and found some games I would have never tried, such as ""As Dusk Falls"" which I enjoyed."	2
De Bruyne brilliant as always. Nice to see Haaland can get the assists as well as the goals.	2
For me if only with sub i don t speak well english and wonna understand the movie????	0
i remember when this first came out and i kept listening to it over and over!	2
"I think we need to have ""Period"" Support with a Gynecologist next! ?? I'm dying to answer some period health questions!"	1
epic! so did you take apart each piece and combine the same colored pieces and then put together the cube?	1
All the dislikes are the students that had to take notes on this for biology	0
"The PS2 start up gives me goosebumps every time!! That was my childhood.

Edit: And Gamecube!!! Almost forgot about that one!"	2
It shocks me how this man manage to surpass the death toll of WW1 with the Great Leap Forward.	0
Wow! I'm so excited for the future, alongside flying cars, 2000 is looking to be rad!!	2
This is amazing music for when doing homework to be honest and it gets you in a good mood	2
Jesus Christ can we WAIT until the 14 actually comes out??? ??????????	0
"100% action
100% lore
100% explosions
0% interviewing foxy"	1
This is brilliantly done - congrats :)	2
"People like to talk about ""torturing"" trees like they don't cut their grass every week."	0
Gaz is spot on in regards to Xbox' marketing. It is an Xbox problem and their marketing in many european countries is either non-existent or incredibly limited. They have a good product with a good service and software, yet in many europeans markets they are being outsold 10-1 because they either don't know how or where to market their product or their budget is super limited.	0
You can tell Chris is becoming more of a dad by the oh, its a box joke	1
Sch?ner Einstieg in die Spacecom 2022!	1
"I've watched a few ""how I started game dev / my game dev xx year journey"" vids and this is by far the best one. Not the funniest one but definitely the most humble, straight forward, and informative."	2
I cant even imagine you being an overthinker because of how chilled you are (vs me being super neurotic and overthinking everything) so its good to hear you talk about this ?? also future wife, that is so cute ????	2
Always good to hear your thoughtful and logical analysis. I don't care about bullish or bearish market. Trade a small percentage of your portfolio rather than going in and out every couple weeks trying to time the market trading went smooth for me as I was able to raise over 8.4 BTC when I started at 3 BTC in just few weeks implementing Jim Smith and tips..	2
"Thanks Krish! I was looking for a video that could clarify the differences between AI, MC, DP and Data science, and after looking all around youtube i found your video. It was awesome! I'm looking forward your next videos.
Hugs from Brazil ????"	2
I love how this is aimed at people who just finished high school! Far too many videos aim somewhere else, say, a post-elementary level, or a post-college level.	2
THIS IS THE GOVERNMENT OUR FOUNDING FATHERS WARNED US ABOUT	0
Can't wait! Cool to see some prolonged gameplay!	2
Yo estaba viendo cada vez ms factible que el Nintendo Direct fuese el da 1. Me mont la pelcula de que Nintendo quera hacer eventos o dar noticias cada semana desde el Partner Showcase hasta el Direct de Septiembre y tena la sensacin de que el Treehouse era como su timo recurso para cumplir dicho objetivo. Aunque, a saber, incluso siendo la  semana del 12, puede que sea cierto y estas semanas las completen con Treehouses de otros juegos como Mario + Rabbids o Sonic Frontiers.                                                                                                                                        Por cierto, se agradece mucho que tambin deis noticias peque?as como la del canal de Sakurai.	1
I like the new volume and scrubbing slider in music, seems like itll be much more responsive and easier to grab. Since the past few iOS versions its very irritating when it doesnt register youre grabbing the slider for volume, especially on the Lock Screen in iOS 14 & 15	2
Important for people not to fake ET/ufo stuff, because it makes real ones seem fake.	0
IMO, Machine Learning is a lot of math. It is very difficult to find an interesting job without advance degree if it is the goal of learning ML.	1
Pe causa mi pierdan ??????????	1
"""fungi are like the weird cousin of plants and animals"" - ah yes, that weird cousin who has a habit of feeding off their relatives' corpses once they've died"	0
the little girl blew her cover so  early in her career	0
PAC-MAN WORLD BABY!!!!! WOOOOOOOOO!	2
?? very funny, good luck with your studies and stay safe in these unprecedented times. ????	2
The 80's are probably the best years to be alive in, i love the 80's.	2
"Huge thank you to Ali for making this trip possible! Follow him on IG: @alinhamdani

Get Early Access to Videos and be the first to comment ? http://bit.ly/BestEverPatreon
Follow on Instagram for more fun food videos! @BestEverFoodReviewShow"	2
This is just a simple, respectful game of chess and I love it. That kid is great, I support him!	2
"At some moments I was smiling with him, and others I was terrified. 
A wonderful interview. Thank you for giving so many interesting people a platform to tell their story."	2
????? ??? ??? ?? ??? ???? ??? ??? ?? ??? ?? ??? ???. ????	2
Wish Kyle and his crew all the luck to always bring home king salmon every time they go out to fish for it	2
Pixel 7 or Pixel 7 Pro?	1
"Heisenberg also wrote ""what we observe is not nature in itself but nature exposed to our method of questioning""."	1
This mic produces some seriously intense sounds and these triggers combined with it are a hit. Love the outfit as well, pairs well with the use of Flemish/Dutch. MOAR toothbrush moving forward please, there is something so pleasing about the sounds it creates.	2
This is the only history I study	2
I personally love the marvel mech line, and I think Rocket Raccoon will make for a super fun  looking one ??	2
Did You Ever Expect This To Ever Happen? ALSO Are You Ready For That Gold Digger Video???????	1
"So glad to see Mike having his day(s). He deserves it, all the way. 
So glad to have you on our side, Mike."	2
"Such a great teaching style with practical knowledge of industry, statistics and programming. By combining all these surely we are going to delighted.
Thank you great learning for uploading such great content."	2
I'm 6 days away from turning 73 years old, and I'm learning Python!	2
It only took one year of physics at uni to demonstrate to me that I would be better off studying biological sciences ??.  The mind of a high level physicist is an awesome and occasionally strange thing to behold when it is on display.   I have great respect for any scientist who is also an educator!	2
I love this guy. He's so charismatic, has wonderful speech patterns, and explains things so well.	2
0:06 this is how we Ukrainians feel when your missiles fly over us all the time watching our fellow friends and family die at your hands	0
As term of gamescom I was excited for Gotham Knights villain trailer and the release moving up to October 21st I'm still getting day 1. I'm excited for Castillo protocol I'm excited for sonic frontiers finally getting a release date in November. And I loved the new trailer of Hogwarts legacy	2
Imagine we could just buy a sized sheet of film like a screen protector then place it on any window or surface we like , such as a mirror , bench top or car windscreen , and then be able to utilise it like a touch screen ?? would be more practical than buying an expensive mirror	2
Im surprised that he didnt know that all beds breaks in 20 minutes lol he didnt even think about that ??	1
"Charles Dickens had what is called the ""Beatles factor."" His writing could appeal to both the smartest and the dumbest person in the room. Like the music of The Beatles."	1
Please Nikocado, love yourself and take care of your health. That is most important, all this doesn't matter.	2
Martin Garrix was only 16 when he made this song! ?? ?? ??	2
This Champion Never fails for us He always Tries his best to Make All of us Laugh,Smile, make our day. So Thank you TanqR, for all the videos you've made for all of your fans!	2
To be good at something you got to be doing it all the time. Why do you think the Americans are so good at war.	0
Jerian never fails to impress us, keep up the good work!	2
Dear Richard Engel and his wife, my sincere condolences on your loss. Your pain cannot be imagined but your bravery and courage in sharing your son's struggles is felt and now his legacy may hold a cure down the road for other families so they will never have to endure your heartbreak. Sending you blessings and hugs. Please stay safe and strong.????	2
Getting that Raven feel with your hair color from Teen Titans! It looks rad! Love it ??????	2
Aliens are intelligent enough to see that our governments are doing a good enough job at destroying the world	0
????????????	2
Just discovered your channel and the series. Going to be watching your older ones today while working. That macro pad is really cool. That would definitely be something I'd pick up and use.	2
In my experience pets have demonstrated more humanity than humans ever did. Love the vid!  :)	2
"*32:29*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
I read a book about the Battle of Berlin and it talked about how those foreign SS units fought to the bitter end. Since many had no countries to go back to because they have been captured by the allies.	0
I think a pro series x with wifi 6 and  more powerful chip would be nice. They could keep the same ssd	2
Wow...good job!	2
Hey! By popular demand I made a list of all Cool Tech Under $50 products from the last 3 years archived so you can see it all on 1 page! https://lustre.ai/creator/randomfrankp	2
this is by no means a history of chess, just a history of chess world champions. there is a lot more that is more general and more interesting than who exactly beat whom in how many games	2
Dan's been shady and whatnot but his chemistry here with Adam resulted in an awesome conversation. Props to both.	2
I LOVE IT<33	2
My man ty is literally the most chill guy Ive ever known	2
Very clear and thorough, thank you !	2
"Hi Op, my question is regarding the challenge of dealing with datasets in my project . The feature set contains about 40 columns from merging10 csv files to train my model. But the test dataset contains just 2 columns including the target column. So each time I try to make classification on the target column I get a failure notice telling me that my training and test shape are not the same.?


How can I make my model to make prediction based on the test dataset given to me? Or how can I adapt my test dataset to conform to the training dataset in shape in order to run my program?"	0
"Imagine going back to the 1980s with a rubix cube from now and say ""You wanna see some real speed."""	1
The lab is the most exciting thing in IT I've seen for a while. This is reallly going to shake up how the qualiity of even basic components are manufactured.	2
Yes, you definitely need to fill the lighter with fluid. They are shipped empty for safety reasons. The smoke you were getting was because you were burning up the dry wick.	1
Jenna Prandinis leg was CRAZY!!! She passed one of the greatest ever sprinters and put the USA in the lead! Wow!	2
"My mood was not good enough. After seeing the animated video and listening music, my mind says"" it's okay that happened."" Really, I am having some motivations as well. And thanks for your musics"	1
I'd really appreciate a study into the potential advantages of META Materials in manipulating light, EMF, heat and even replacing silicon as semiconductors. Nearly every industry can benefit from the improvements and cost reductions, META Materials can provide. Really enjoy your videos, thank you!	2
Just got home from work and listen to your channel's music to relieve stress	2
I'm getting better but analyzing who's better but converting that advantage of pieces or space into a win is still a big challenge.	2
Aydanos a que ms personas nos conozcan compartiendo nuestro contendido en las redes sociales	1
Chris's flow is sick af ????	2
If you cant sleep at night. Just listen to joe Biden you will go to bed within minutes . No need to buy an app ??	2
I see rindou, i click.	1
I prefer esports chess. It looks cooler, more comfortable for the players, and they can move faster.	2
My salute to the judges. They are not swayed by threats, accusations against them. Justice is served.	2
"My 8-weeks Amazon FBA Mentoring for September Is Open Now! (It is limited spaces)

To secure and find all the info about the mentoring, click on the link below:

https://flv68stkve6.typeform.com/MentoringDetail

PS. Be aware of scammers using my name promoting crypto/stocks"	1
The thing that I love about him is he doesnt waste food and his thumbnails are real	2
This man got a great voiceover career available at anytime.	2
Life pro tip: You don't need to use your expensive console to test if something is waterproof, just use  paper or something.	1
"1)Relaxed Body language
2)Selective eye contact
3)Non-Reactiveness/Silence/Patient response
4)Framing the situation
5)No matter what... you will be okay.
6)don't try to convince other people
7)willing to walk away"	1
I have been in love with Mr. Gaiman for decades and I couldn't click on this video fast enough.  Major thanks to WIRED for this video and major thanks to Mr. Gaiman for doing this for all us fans who can't get enough of him.	2
I updated mine too! So tired of lazy, wicked human beings that enjoy taking advantage of everyone specially the elderly so many scammers and hackers from Foreign and domestic!	0
Great video!  There's just so much to unpack when it comes to data science!	2
Lemon kamu buat tutorial sahders dong	1
"If this course was helpful for you, please leave a like and subscribe ????
??    Become a Kubernetes Administrator - CKA:                                 https://bit.ly/k8s-administrator-course
??    Become a DevOps Engineer - Complete DevOps Bootcamp:     https://bit.ly/3gEwf4V
??    Udemy courses:                                                                               http://bit.ly/3nIouPW

?? Useful Links: 
?  Main Kubectl Commands - K8s CLI   Git repo: https://bit.ly/3oZzuHY
?  K8s YAML Configuration File              Git repo: https://bit.ly/2JBVyIk
?  Demo project                                         Git repo: https://bit.ly/3jY6lJp
?  Kubernetes Ingress                              Git Repo: https://bit.ly/3mJHVFc
?  Kubernetes Volumes                            Git Repo: https://bit.ly/2Gv3eLi

?????? Connect with me ??   ?????? 
Join the private Facebook group      ?  https://bit.ly/32UVSZP
INSTAGRAM                                         ?  https://bit.ly/2F3LXYJ
TWITTER                                               ?  https://bit.ly/3i54PUB
LINKEDIN                                              ?  https://bit.ly/3hWOLVT

?????? Want to learn more? ??  ?????? 
DevOps Tools, like Terraform, Prometheus  ?  https://bit.ly/2W9UEq6
Jenkins Pipeline Tutorials                               ?  https://bit.ly/2Wunx08
Kubernetes on Cloud                                       ? https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLy7NrYWoggjxqLwqmbE-gGuxpo0nWZqCi


?????? Courses & Ebooks & Bootcamp ??      ?????? 
? Become a DevOps Engineer - full educational program             ????  https://bit.ly/3gEwf4V
? High-Quality and Hands-On Courses                                             ????   https://bit.ly/3nIouPW
? Kubernetes 101 - compact and easy-to-read ebook bundle      ????   https://bit.ly/3mPIaiU"	2
When YouTube search gives you exactly what you were looking for. Its new. Its long. Its well explained. Finally some good YouTube	2
*People will be kicking themselves in few week's If they miss The Opportunity Too Buy and Invest In Bitcoin as It retracing.....BE WISE.*	1
I wish my physics teacher was like him. It doesnt matter if youre good at it, all that matters is that you have interest	2
Life, man. What is it even?	0
Was amazing to be involved in this! Hopefully you all can get some good nuggets out of it, along with being more prepared for the hidden pitfalls!	2
Bi c?a Buffalove th?c s? qu hay ?i ?. Em replay t? lc ch??ng trnh ???c up trn youtube ??n gi? v?n ch?a chn. Thm a Viruss react + ??m piano n?a nghe cng bnh cu?n h?n ? <3	1
I read mostly non fiction books on random topics that interest me. Currently  reading a book on artists and architects. Since lockdown been watching a lot of documentaries on artists and galleries. So I got a book on the topic unfortunately its about 700 pages. Which almost put me off but out of pride I couldnt give up. Only to become fascinated by how all these buildings that were built for people, are no longer there. So who do these objects serve? This book was written in 2017 with an international look as  these creators (to encapsulate both artists and architects). In a series of interviews have to explain their method. Some are coy but those willing to share open up this view of how they see the world in relation to the notion of space. If I understood correctly each creator seeks to capture and reflect this moment in time for future generations to understand their time.	1
"Infelizmente ns estamos vivendo tempos obscuros , mas, se Deus  por ns, n?o tenhamos medo pois o Senhor nos defender dessa maldi??o que desejam impor sobre o Brasil. 
Bolsonaro  a solu??o, com certeza."	1
Wow so glad y'all posted this! Exactly the field I'm trying to learn	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.UNO
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial"	1
I'm raising my hand right now and a proctor hasn't come. I even tried replaying the video.	1
You are doing an excellent job. Free education is more appreciable which needs a good heart. Thank you for your great service.	2
Se for um filme que respeite o legado do Chadwick, ser suficiente.  N?o precisa ser cinematograficamente expetacular. S precisa passar o manto de Pantera Negra e lembrar quem o vestia.	1
"I play on pc... I've been a console gamer forever... since 1985... but I built a PC recently with an 11600k and a 3070ti, I play my Xbox on pc... I call it my series pc.

Redfall is looking AWESOME!!!"	2
Thanks for sharing! I am really glad you put this video in the context of what schools the student is looking to apply to, since SAT scores are all relative. Since I score a 1500+, it blows my mind to think about being in the top 99%. I think the part about scores being inflated because schools don't have to report bad test scores since students aren't submitting bad tests scores makes sense. However, I do tell my students that submitting scores is beneficial to them if they can because the U.S. World News Report requires a school to report at least 50% of its students' scores in order for them to remain competitive in the rankings. Thus, more elite schools will take more students with scores than without to maintain their coveted spots!	2
He's spot on with that maintenance number of 20%. I've owned my trucking company 4 years now and that figure has always worked. Someone taught this young man well. He's wayyyyy ahead of the learning curve of this industry.	2
Ciao sbriser sei il mio idolo	1
"Hi Annemarie, thank you for your masterclass. I found it very useful. However, I am just an incoming college student and I am preparing for a college interview. Im having trouble with how am I going to answer confidently those possible questions that will be going to ask to me. English isnt my first language but Im willing enough to learn. Ive been watching your videos on Youtube and subscribed to your channel. I admire you a lot because youre helping many students like me that had trouble and difficulties in the English language. I am looking for guides on exactly what to do and how to answer the possible college interview questions. I hope you can help me to reach my dream college and to be more steps ahead of my fellow applicants/candidates.


Thank you so much and more power to you."	2
Plague requiem, high on life and moon scars are the ones Im soo hyped for. I love gamepass lets go !!	2
On parle trop de Sony et peut de Microsoft ??	0
"??????
?Timestamps:
00:01 `
05:29 
09:02 ` 
11:20 ` ()
15:37  
19:04 `
23:27 `
26:11 `
29:13 ` +  
30:41  
34:37 `
44:21 `  ()
49:27 d /  ()
54:58 `
58:44 
1:03:24`L `` 
1:09:12  
1:13:17  
1:18:55 `
1:23:00 { ()
1:26:39 iPhone 
1:31:03 h (`)
1:38:36 ` / `` ()
1:44:58 
1:52:40 ` (n) `
1:54:24 ` + `
1:59:38 `
2:06:47  , 
2:08:45  `
2:12:00 `` +  ()
2:16:33 iPhone 13 Pro 
2:19:34  + 
2:22:49 `
2:28:41  ()
2:30:28  ``
2:30:54  
2:31:19  `` (2)
2:31:33 ` `
2:33:02 `
2:34:58 ` + ` ()
2:36:40 `
2:39:32 ` 
2:43:26 
2:47:53 ` 
2:49:26 `
2:51:46  ()
2:56:12 
3:03:48 
3:06:38 
3:11:48  

00:01 Preview
05:29 Urethane sponge
09:02 Wooden spoon tapping
11:20 Urchin ball (Penetrating)
15:37 Mino Ware Mic Tapping
19:04 Cat toys (Ball)
23:27 Fluffy Mic Cover
26:11 Velcro
29:13 Velcro + Urethane sponge
30:41 Plastic mini mat scratching
34:37 Crushed Orbeez
44:21 Table Nail tapping (First Person)
49:27 Cotton swab / Ear cleaning (Penetrating)
54:58 Non Anti Slip Sticker
58:44 Silicone mat
1:03:24 Typewriter-style keyboard Typing sounds
1:09:12 Mosaic Tile Tapping
1:13:17 Felt scratching
1:18:55 Tinsel (Pipe cleaner)
1:23:00 Sticky notes (First Person)
1:26:39 iPhone Box tapping
1:31:03 Kinetic sand recorded with headphones (Wooden fork)
1:38:36 Bubble peeling pad / Ear massage (Penetrating)
1:44:58 Sponge
1:52:40 Cushioning material finger tapping
1:54:24 Grooming brush + Sponge mic cover
1:59:38 Sequins
2:06:47 Mouse tapping, click sound
2:08:45 Silicone Makeup Sponge Finger Tapping
2:12:00 Squeeze ball + Plastic wrap (First Person)
2:16:33 iPhone 13 Pro tapping
2:19:34 Mic Brushing + Mic Scratching
2:22:49 Nylon pouch
2:28:41 Pop it (First Person)
2:30:28 Kinetic sand Press with honey dipper
2:30:54 Kinetic sand Reverse
2:31:19 Kinetic sand Press with honey dipper (2)
2:31:33 Grooming brush Finger tapping
2:33:02 Grooming brush
2:34:58 Fluffy Mic Cover + Mohair seal (Brushing)
2:36:40 Fluffy Mic Cover
2:39:32 Ice Cube Tapping
2:43:26 Crinkle sound
2:47:53 Hologram tape tapping
2:49:26 Hologram tape
2:51:46 Silicone cleansing pad (Penetrating)
2:56:12 Kinetic sand
3:03:48 Bangle
3:06:38 Silicone mascara brush
3:11:48 Plastic mini mat tapping"	1
"I love how Wong is starting to pop up everywhere, he's really taking the Sorcerer Supreme job seriously and I'm along for the ride. I was gonna say he deserves his own show (which he totally does) but then I thought ""at this point, the entire MCU IS his show the way he shows up in everything"" ??"	2
So glad they are keeping the visor. On my 6Pro it gives an extra handling edge for my fingers to hold and 90 rotate one handed.	2
"A literal genius asking ""what is omg"" is exactly the situation I needed to see"	2
It was a good introductory course! Although there's lack of examples in the explanation of neural network part. But overall you can get the idea of how deep learning works.	2
Respect and a lot of love from Romania ??????kuq e zi je ti ????	2
2021 Who Still Rocking With It ????	2
LOL just a day ago you say the Rossolimo is a bad opening and the best chess engine plays it. Goes to show how bad you are at chess and how ENORMOUS the difference is.	0
As someone who just graduated with an English (and Women and Gender Studies) degree this is just what I needed! You have no idea how much I miss this kind of conversation and love for books. I'm lucky enough that all my friends are equally as nerdy about our love for literature, but there's something about classes and passionate professors that I is hard to replicate. Enjoy it while you can!	2
this guy teach you how to microwave a bread now hes spitting bars what a legend	2
Hey KRK , you are someone who is an well educated well sensed human who is trying to destroy the good works for his own personal interest. Everyone can agree that the recent Vikram Vedha teaser is really well stucked piece of art. Yeah it's a remake but why it has made ? Because the original one was not popular at all and it holds a great contents so why not it should be showcased second time . Hrithik Roshan is someone who thrives himself towards great art work . So guys don't take seriously these kind of nonsense review by a nonsense person like KRK ????	1
"Mathematics is like that wind your sail boat needs to move way ahead on your journey. This was so heart warming to watch. There is really a thin line between maths and magic!
Thanks a lot Quanta Magazine for this beautiful summary! loved it!"	2
Thank you for the amazon voucher, great content as always!	2
Buen da, felicidades por esa obra monumental. Qued fantstico!!	2
Looking forward to this! Tatiana Maslany looks INCREDIBLE in the role! ????????	2
"This is a great video for overview of AI and ML !
Will stay tuned for upcoming videos in this course.
Thanks MIT OCW."	2
????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????? ????????	1
I worked in retail for most of my life and the one thing I have never forgotten is the fact that once you lose a customer you are going to play hell trying to get them back regardless of what you do.	0
Hey Tina! I'm about to watch this video, after initially stumbling upon your video on the scoreboard. You're a really awesome person, and I really appreciate the effort you're putting into creating these videos. I haven't watched this current one yet, but it'd be great to hear what's changed over the year, if anything. I can already tell your editing and recording quality has improved a ton, and that's not a sleight. I'm excited to learn, thanks again!	2
"' I will make whatever result I will get'
*starts making anything he likes*"	1
Video recommendation:Videos of each engineering major separately, all the fields, jobs, career paths and industries you can enter with each one of these engineering majors or engineering degrees	1
This song reminds me of that summer and makes me so darn nostalgic	2
Imagine if Trudeau had invested the Ukraine $ into his own country? Maybe the healthcare system?!	1
"Want to read these tips instead of watch???Check out the blog for this video: 
https://supertutortv.com/college/goodsat2021/

Aiming for 750+ on reading????????Check out supertutorTV.com/superseminar for our 2hr pop up class w/ Brooke!

Learn fast ?with Brooke:
https://supertutortv.com/crashcourse/ 2 hour LIVE SAT Crash Course!

Work on your Common App Essay/Personal Statements w/ Brooke ??https://supertutortv.com/essay
??Save $10 off our group essay class when you use code ESSAY10; No price adjustments on previous purchases. Offer ends August 27, 2022, 11:59 pm Pacific time. Sale only valid on Essay Course."	2
Thank You, instructor, for this awesome video. You explained very thing in quite simple and easily understandable manner	2
"Those slick Apple product videos haven't been the same without Jony saying ""Alyoumineeum..."""	1
I learned more in 15 minutes than in like 5 class periods	2
It's finally here. Drop a like if you're hyped to see this suit in the game (even if it's a mod)!	2
"I took his courses and he is an amazing teacher 
Nice interview"	2
x, HV|, ],	1
Esse clipe  uma obra de arte!	1
"""Just keep trying to improve everyday"" words to live by :)"	2
Estara bueno que en algn futuro pusieras el modo supervivencia	1
Okay, being one to laugh at Deadpool's jokes, I am going to say this out loud. He managed to intimidate me, and that is not one easy task.	1
It's fun how learning is more of a speedrun these days which acts as a very good starter, motivating us to learn the remaining stuff by ourselves and now we have something of a map which we can follow instead of blindly jumping into stuff.	2
Thanks for having me on the stream Hamza, I wish I said more and I wish I was more clear with my words... but I was nervous. Anyways I rewatched the chat and had a good laugh, saw a lot of toxicity and criticism but all is welcome, the chat was really funny and any criticism I got I deserved. Thanks again Hamza, this was an awesome opportunity to talk to you even if we didnt talk mainly about the subject we were supposed to. Enjoy life.	2
"Hello sir, thank you for your videos. It really helps from the beginner of the video which you have listed in data science playlist. ?? 
The model in default method is 99.65% in train and 99.4% in test. Whereas gamma method will lower down the accuracy of the model from 99.4% to 75% therefore it has explicit shows the gamma method is unsuitable for the scenario however the regularisation has improve the train set to 1 and testing set is retained the best accuracy of model. 
Yet, kernel parameter as linear has also provided a good accuracy of model.
Thank you for your guidance."	2
"God tier voice ""ueshama"" - ueda rina

????????"	2
I think in the future the value of having the series x will grow exponentially, when you look at the number of studios Microsoft has been acquiring, and with fewer cross gen titles limiting Devs from using the full power of the next gen consoles.	2
"It's two different things; to start learning and to make your first serious game. When you start learning, if you go straight away to make your ""dream game"", it will likely be frustrating, because you have a vision of the game in your head but you can barely translate any of that vision into an actual game. Creating a copy or a ""remake"" of an already existing game that you like is a good way to learn. When I started learning Unity, some years ago, after doing a few tutorials I decided I would create a ""remake"" of Duke Nukem 3D, using some of the assets of Duke Nukem Forever and remaking the first level of the game in Blender, this was so that I could focus mainly on the coding side of things and put the creative part of it aside for the project. It took me, I believe, 6 months to finish it, it had all the basic game mechanics and the first level of the game, and yes, it played terrible and nothing like the original. But the amount of learning I did thanks to this learning project was really a lot, I don't think I could have learned faster other way. Another point I would mention is: learning to code: I think was the most important thing I did. When I started making games my game ideas were limited to what I imagined I would be technically capable of implementing, after I got a good grasp of coding I feel and I know I could make anything I can imagine, given the time to do so."	1
This SHIT WAS FUNNY AS HELL AND EDUCATIONAL. THE WOKE PEOPLE WILL REALLY ENJOY IT . KATT IS A GENIUS AND SO IS CHAPPELL . DIFFERENT STYLES OF GENIUS.	2
"Kevin de bruyne is insane. 

Newcastle need to be taken seriously this season."	0
Remember if Nintendo takes this down then it's canon	1
"Nobody:

Socks: Get me a GLIZZY like that!"	1
In real life i respect and felt proud to every woman who learned self defense. It's took me 3 years to learned self defense .. it's a must ladies ?????????????	2
Do a poll to see who is responsible for all of this. One single man with only his own personal interest has done all of this.	0
Honestly, just bring him in every week at this point. I'd never get tired of him tbh	2
Amazing!????	2
When bro said its a person the smile got wiped off the reporters face ??????	1
the last time apple saw such a unnatural & steep move like this was from March to May 2008, and we all know what happened afterwards	1
1:23 Can we just appreciate how he edited the reflection of the board to appear on his glasses	1
"Hi Thomas Brush.
I'm Brad Fry and I work as a self employed flooring and installer and want to make games for a living. Haha your intro inspired me to write that but all jokes aside I'm 37 and have 4 kids and my own business (well solo contractor), your videos have really given me the feeling I could at least learn to develop games despite the limited time.
Keep up the good work."	2
"Didn't Obama say ""Never underestimate Joe's ability to......"" well, you know the thing."	1
I recently got into Quinoa from a Caesar salad that had crisped quinoa.  I bought a bag of Q and am going to try to crisp some up myself, very interesting video!	2
My daughter wanted me to spend an arm and a leg to achieve the Bohemian look she was going for in her bedroom. This was right on time! Thank you!	2
I love working in the shop while having music from this cannel playing in the background. It helps me to relax and be creative!	2
I remember trying to pass the first pinball in Waluigi Pinball as a young kid. The feeling of accomplishment you got from beating it too the ramp where it falls was great. Definitely one of my favorite tracks. The pinball machine segment, the most chaotic place in any track that gets more chaotic every lap which may be why its so popular.	2
"I worked with a marine biologist studying cephalopods. He had one big tank for octopuses and one for crabs, their favorite food. One morning he came in and found that one of his octopuses had pushed the lid open on his tank, crossed the floor and climbed into the crab tank. Soon it became a common occurrence. He decided to give the octopus a mild shock when he found it in the crab tank to deter it. Within days he came in and found the octopus had still gone to the crab tank, eaten it's fill, but then climbed back to its own tank to avoid the shock.
They are amazing animals."	1
Is it just me or was the original switch more creaky when holding it than the oled? The oled seems incredibly solid. Not sure if it just loosens overtime	1
This little girl brought tears to my eyes. Shes so smart. Lil MaMa is the truth all around !	2
I hope we are splitting away from stocks and the normal joes realize it is and can be a hedge against government	1
Obama speaking out. More, please!	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.UNO
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:11 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la nqim

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial"	1
Linus!!! Just turn the key lights  180 and bounce them off the walls. Youll get a much softer glow and shadow and way more even lighting. Its such a simple fix. Im not sure where along the lines people got the idea to beam the lights directly at your face ??	2
"Dude, bold of him to say he 'now suffers from emotional distress' when he himself caused you to vomit out of stress
This whole ordeal must be a nightmare, my heat goes out to you buddy, and I wish you the best of luck"	0
"""why is a teenage boy similar to helicase?
they both want to unzip your genes (grins)""
I'm speechless"	0
What she said about the packaging affecting the taste is so true! I always think delivery pizza smells so good, and its the pizza in the cardboard box that makes it smell amazing. Just not the same without the box ??	2
hey tanqr love the content tanqr Keep it Up!	2
,,z see 11	1
I'm in HR and do recruiting, and I myself am nervous during interviews and it's hilarious! That's why when I'm interviewing others, I just wish I could tell them hey, it's fine, you're doing great! And when I'm interviewing, I wish I could just listen to my own words of advice!	2
i was alive when this man made music	2
"""It doesn't solve every problem in the higher education system, so do nothing"" is analysis you really need to be in a very privileged and comfortable place to serve with a straight face."	1
Your co-host is a blast, you are lucky, you find the best locals to show you around.  She is really funny too!	2
"Long story short: keep the convo brief, simple, cool, calm and level headed. Only give one word answers than a full sentence. Dont give them the benefit of the doubt. Be the bigger person and do yourself a favour and save yourself from that heartache. 

Trust me when I say this it works every time. Giving them a reason to whine and complain and talk about said drama only repeats itself if you give them the time and energy to do it. When they get less of that, well, the difficulty becomes easier to manage ??"	1
Merci Jvm toujours au top gr?ce a vous 3 dead Island sur srie x pour moins de 6 EUR c gnial merci pour le tuyaux	1
As a kid the beat was hitting so good ??????	2
Hard to listen to someone that talks about, we might have a RECESSION COMING, when we are in a RECESSION.. You lost me!	0
These 3 men are on the right path.	2
"Get Early Access to Videos and be the first to comment ? http://bit.ly/BestEverPatreon
Follow on Instagram for more fun food videos! @BestEverFoodReviewShow"	2
Now that was fast work. Thanks for sharing	2
Hello from a fellow dev. You have done so much in those two years. I've been at this for 4 years and feel like I've done less even though I have a game already out there in open beta. Excellent video, quality editting, very promising youtube channel.	2
This was amazing , sumer has always been a topic of study for me and has held my interest for years. Because of the people of sumer and the Akkadians , I have a deeper understanding of  biblical text . From the legend of Gilgamesh to Ishtar a people rich in an ancient history predating eqypt. Brilliant work on this my friend , thx again .	2
If you dont do something about your financial situation, your income remains unchanged while expenditures keep rising. These got me seeking the best answers to invest my 50k $. Any ideas here?	0
I'm so glad I stumbled upon this. You are amazing! This was very pleasant and easy to follow. I learned a ton and I especially like that you took us through your thought process while examining the music data set, too. Thank you very much! Subscribed.	2
You make the world a better place Jimmy, thank you for what ??	2
"Should be 3 sets: train, test, and validation. 

You cant truly judge accuracy based on testing set alone. You need unseen data to prove there wasnt overfitting. There are also techniques like cross validation that you can use when you dont have enough data to make 3 sets."	1
This was always on my checklist to learn to play chess	1
Every animal is beautiful. Zebras are my favorite animal and they are more beautiful than any other animal ??????	2
Mark, thank you for the content that you bring us, it makes me appreciate how I was raised by my parents and will be forever grateful for their sacrifices.	2
Mau tanya, Web atau tool, mt4 atau broker exchange apa yg bisa untuk lihat chart analisa sprti mbak lengkap dgn indikatornya. Kl di exchange rata2 indikatornya ngk lengkap sprti MT4	1
Alternate title : never let a non cuber touch your expensive Cubes ever again	0
Mister Mosh, thank you for all of the easy to follow tutorials that you make for us, please keep keep up the good work, i hope you post more courses (preferably in python)  :)	2
Nao e facil crescer no YouTube mas nunca desista dos seus sonhos porque Deus esta do seu lado em toda a sua Vida??????	1
Existem cantores bons, timos, excelentes e existe DIMASH, simplesmente incrvel, um grande abra?o do BRASIL ??????????????	2
As a GenX'er I enjoyed this interview so much. It made me actually feel like I was experiencing the internet we were promised decades ago. A well thought out and intelligent conversation that, in the end, leaves the viewer in a state better than when they first pressed the play button. Well done.	2
This is the first video I've saw before I started cooking more frecuently. Thanks Gordon, you're a great teacher.	2
"THANK YOU ""VERY MUCH""
FOR YOUR ANALYTICAL COMMENTS
AND PREDICTIONS 
ON THE WAR IN THE UCRAINE ""AS SUCH"".

MORE VITAL WEAPONS SUPPLY /
NATO EXPANDING
WITH FINLAND AND SWEDEN TO FACE PUTIN'S
WAR AGRESSION AND THREATS
AND ""MORAL WORLDWIDE SUPPORT GROWING
FOR ""A DEMOCRATIC AND FREE UCRAINE""
AS IT CAN ""DAILY BE SEEN""."	2
Finally a video combination that will make me have fun watching your football reaction???? football + funny Moments = Now I can watch ????????????	2
Atakota,parli,mantuva,hora,hatta,vitarada,hamba,karaganna,kabna,bonna,monavada,ma,ahinsaka,minissu,api,rata	1
"0:45 - I miss this 

I used to play a lot of halo with my brothers. I was 6 or 7 back then and never realized just how good I had it. This sound kinda just sums up my amazing childhood and the golden age of gaming that just isnt the same nowadays."	2
I listen to LoFi constantly through most days, this one has been my favorite lately ??????	2
Whoever's reading this, i pray that whatever you're going through gets better and whatever you're struggling with or worrying about is going to be fine and that everyone has a fantastic day! Amen	2
Mike somehow manages to surprise us and top himself with every new video, Keep up the great work!	2
This is the kind of content that has a real impact on the current revolution in the online education. Clear, eloquent, well animated - a real gem for curious minds. Thank you for doing this.	2
Everyone is busy praising this movie.....but I prefer the original anytime....no comparison there.????????But your reviews are as usual hilarious.	2
The movie was heavenly. One of the best I've ever watched.	2
What's shocking is how many people like this guy? Pretty disgusting.	0
Hope lichess remains as the 'forbidden platform' to the sell outs who can't even  mention the name 'lichess' in stream. Lichess has the sleekest interface out there.	1
You gotta love how most of Sonys arguments boil down to were scared that Microsoft will not allow COD on PlayStation and we know we will lose 50% of our player base over it meanwhile exclusivity is their whole business model	1
After he punched grealish, grealish went on and scored a late winner	1
I was surprised Kid Icarus: Uprising isn't on here. I think it's the best 3DS game. It's a true masterpiece. Yet again, Sakurai developed this game too, and a lot of his games are gold. He's a very hard worker and has high expectations for his games.	2
"We need a program to encourage builders to build reasonable priced homes. 
$400,000 is too high for most people."	1
Confidence isnt I know theyll like me, its Im okay if they dont.	1
Essa can??o  simplesmente maravilhosa!uma das msicas mais linda que existe!baqueia o cora??o at de quem n?o est apaixonado!	1
Its hard to believe its been five years since the president of the United States stared at an eclipse. Twice.	0
Self-Healing Concrete is on paper a really good idea. There is just one small problem with it and comes from the fact that we are not using limestone for buildings as limestone has this one tiny problem with being rather frail. Yes it will make the concrete last a big longer, but it will also make it harder to see where the weaknesses of the structure is and only really postpone the disaster, if at all.	1
Thank you sir for your wonderful explanation	2
You started dancing like Tarkan. I understand that you are very cheerful when you are in a good mood. You raised my energy. I laughed a lot with you too. Thank you.??	2
My strength is with the family of the missing teen.	1
This video was so good I didnt even realize it was 8 years old	2
Enjoyed your video and I gave it a Thumbs Up for the support of your channel	2
"""Packing a fake order till I get a real one""

that hit so hard, I really hope she gets orders and her business blooms <3"	2
Physics DOES explain everything. You have to know the behavior of subatomic particles to get that.	1
I wish he was my bio teacher ?????? he makes everything so fun and easy !!! Also who has an exam tomorrow?	2
"? Friend's channel about customization: https://bit.ly/2RXsiAp
? Mi canal en espa?ol: https://bit.ly/3yJ5jsj
? The best channel about crafts: https://bit.ly/SubscribeRococo"	2
Le jeu se passe en fin 1800(1890) on le sait depuis le dbut et cest la rvolution des Gobelins , par contre les grosses araignes font quoi dans la fort , aragog et hagrid sont pas  poudlard trs chelou comme clin d?il mme si on peut se dire cest juste des araignes gante autre que lespce daragog	1
You know its good when the scenes in the movies sync with the music	2
Im buying AMZTC3 on sale, waiting for BTC to maybe drop again before I add more.  Hope to take some Eth profits by Sept proof of stake	1
Algn da podr ir a Corea del Sur y comprar ASMR que humilde SIO Siempre alegrndonos el da ??	2
From monopoly man to squid game hoster, fucking legend	1
Arianas voice is so clear ??	2
Wow too strong song	2
Its such a shame that the Gabriel Jesus goal was ruled offside :( hes playing out of his skin at the moment and deserved that goal ,zinchenko played amazing today ,marteneli and Jesus are always a threat and xhaka has been playing well consistently under his new role and Ofc we gotta talk about saliba ???????so young yet he plays like a veteran (special mention to Ben white whos also been playing good at right back)	2
thanks man for clearing this up... especially in India ...all IT companies have made a mess about Data jobs...why don't you make a video dscussing these JDs ...especially from India....? these all are MNC's	0
my dad was a Drill Sargent in the Army, he had the ability to read people's behavior like this..it was unnerving to have him explain my behavior to me	0
Well just yesterday we had a brawl involving 25 people in broad daylight and infront of the police station and today one guy was shot in the back and we had a hit and run. Just before I saw your video I was saying to myself 'It's becoming like the Wild West lately'. Yup there's been an upscale of violence.	0
Amazing tutorial! You explained everything so clearly and helped me to grasp some of the topics even better!	2
History, Literature and overall nerdiness...I love this man.	2
"I say this to my Republican colleagues who are defending the indefensible: There will come a day when Donald Trump is gone, but your dishonor will remain.""  
 Liz Cheney
The stain will never wash out."	0
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.Uno
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:21 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la bzks

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial."	1
Thumbs up for the developers in your video, thumbs down for you not giving them the exposure they deserve.	1
Your videos are what is getting me the necessary introduction to data science. Thank you so much!	2
I adore the working relationship Linus has with his team. 99% of employees walk on eggshells around their boss and I wish it could be more like this.	2
this is insanely epic...as we expected ??	2
They found me onna block and throwed me in the industry ?????????	2
This guy is just so awesome, he spent millions off dollar just to entertain us .Hats off sir love u so much full support till end ??	2
"She is absolutely gorgeous and I appreciate that shes like hey Imma do whatever to feel good about myself and thats the tea
Congrats on the beauty line love"	2
Number 5 is not too shabby.  But near DC more resources are given to NOVA(northern VA) while in rural counties and SOVA (southern VA) teachers sometimes use their own money to buy school supplies.  Still when my daughter was in highschool (SOVA) they sent educators from different states to see how we did so much with so little.  Respect for our teachers.	1
This was one of the best documentaries Ive ever seen. Perfect organization, perfect visuals, extremely high information content Well done, and thank you!	2
so excited that I graduated high school and I get to take the SAT again because I want to transfer.	2
Kidd, Avery, Teach, Jack, Bonnie, Reid, Roberts. The Greatest of Pirates. They may have done some awful things, but something about their rebellion is inspiring, and for better or worse their legacy is immortal.	2
the song itself is magical	2
This was a great stream, it felt like the production quality had gone up a lot since the last Marvel one and everyone played well! I thought Peter was a great addition to the stream - he started a little quiet but really got into it.	2
Cool??	2
DON'T FORGET WANDAVISION!! IT NOT ONLY GAVE A BACKGROUND TO THEIR RELATIONSHIP BUT SHOWED THERE WAS LOVE BETWEEN THE TWO OF THEM!!	2
She has to be one of the prettiest people to walk this earth	2
Both goals scored were absolutely amazing, what a result for Palace, wish NBC couldve uploaded this earlier though ??	2
"1:03:08 since we are talking about mines I wanted to ask you how you and the community feel about horizontal mines.

Now I understand that the way that the terrain functions this is simply just impossible with your way of digging which is better for pit mines (which I love because they leave a large impact on the world!) But it can be quite difficult to mine in very mountainy terrain as the slopes become too steep very often.

That is why I thought that perhaps we could have some sort of structure like a mineshaft entrance that would then allow your camera to get underground and for you to mine shafts with a line tool like how paths are made and hopefully fences in the future.

There could be various widths for technologies in the future like extra wide shafts for minecarts (or tunnels with trains perhaps but that is FAR later into development.) You could also have parts that would allow you to make stair or ladder rooms to go up or down a level to make more compact or deeper mineshafts.

The way the terrain works currently actually really works with with that level system as when your dig out a secondary entrance it will be on a level already to match the tunnel networks.

A MAJOR issue with this though is how the camera system would work... I could imagine a top down view working pretty well when building the tunnels however I feel like that might not fit the game. (I wouldn't have an issue with it but others may.)

Of course you can always do your standard 1st person view to walk around the mines if you want to but that wouldn't work when trying to make mineshafts I think.

Edit: I guess maybe you could still do your 1st person view if you could somehow make it look like you were actually underground and not just floating under the world and seeing through the ground.

Another thing I thought of though is that this system would actually allow you to dig below sea level as all you would need to do is not render water underground... I say that as if it is easy when I actually know hardly anything about game development but I do believe that should be achievable.

But going far underground would allow you to find metals that you normally wouldn't which I think would be cool... Of course it would probably be behind some kind of research that would allow you to brace your tunnels or something to prevent collapse."	1
Can definitely vouch for the Switch grip. I used to never play handheld mode because of how uncomfortable it was. Now I do it all the time with the grip!	2
Subscribe and u might win a free car!	2
I got a 1590 on my SAT using strategies similar to the ones you recommend, so this guy is legit yall. If you get anything out of this, its to take the time to fully understand the passage!! The only caution Id have with your strategies is to avoid any sort of generalizing as you did with finding the word that fits in context. While that is the case most of the time, Ive seen collegeboard switch it up before. (theyre rude like that) Youre killing it tho; keep up the good content!	2
Theme, art, combat, everything looks so well crafted. Wish the story too holds up to make it an awesome game	2
It's about time you did the History of the Abomination since he appeared in the live action Incredible Hulk movie. Is he like the Marvel version of DC's Killer Croc?	1
Despite the economic downturn,I'm so happy??. I have been earning $ 60,000 returns from my $10,000 investment every 14days.	2
as a brookfield shareholder, definitely not happy theyre investing to hard into intel. Of all the companies	0
Quick resume is a god tier feature. PC my main platform, but damn the quick resume on my series S is something else. Brilliant for getting in quick games before work when you've not got much time!	2
*To reach your potential, you need to start working towards it* Investing remains the smartest way to prepare for the unexpected. Been in the space for 6yrs and extremely pleased with the decision I made. The good news is - it's not too late	2
Extremely helpful explanation, thank you very much!	2
"The topology of the learning network is based on that of the ""Perceptron"" built in the '50s with relays. In the end, the network conduct a converging weighting of probabilities to identify the correct event. Yes, even a picture is considered an event, a static one though. A dinamic event is defined by using vector spaces.
Thank you for the nice video!"	2
"""Try and fail, but don't fail to try."" 

 - Stephen Kaggwa"	1
I'm using Realme 9 5g but it's 6+128gb varient so it's really good performing phone,but there is some issues with updates,btw decent performance ??	2
Iyooooooo how I really nearly missed out being skeptical to listen and watch this video; now I am blown away and motivated to push and help as many people I can Miga Ramatlabama this is for you.	2
Yes just what I needed ?? love ur vids agn	2
I think what brings more happiness is to work for a purpose that makes us feel bigger than our need for survival. A sense of belonging to something greater than ourselves instead of working for money.	2
Im an architect, now I can learn how this design tool works easily. Design is a big process, software is a tool. Great video.????	2
This is NOT Black Adam. It is The Black Rider...	1
This is Chris Brown at his best! He has mature is so many ways and I love it!  This album is phenomenal! I play it my car, when Im relaxing in a bubble bath sipping on a glass of Pinot Grigio?? hes proving to be the king of R&B	2
"Qu ms se puede pedir si 1:11 ""el dilogo  es inteligente, los personajes estn muy bien desarrollados, el manejo de cmara es brillante y las actuaciones son fantsticas"". Kristoff: gracias por tan buena recomendacin ????????"	2
hey ! just to let u know at 7:55 u go to press the power button on the switch to turn it on, but u can actually hold the home button on ur joy con to turn ur switch on as well :3! a lot easier especially if ur playing docked. hope this helps	2
"This is a very good idea, imagine getting like a calzone stuffed with grilled chicken an Alfredo sauce, possibly a garlic butter brushed on top of the calzone ??

Im going to go make one rn"	2
Im a little disappointed that Calisto protocol is gonna be cross-gen. Its understandable because its been in development for a while.	0
I love it! And I agree with what he said in the end. I became interested in mathematics (although not good at it) because of how amazing that when you solve numbers and equations, you will arrive to an answer that is related to what the universe offers.	2
is this original footage? or from somewhere else? regardless, it looks freakin fantastic! the editing is superb.	2
The way you sing makes me smile every time I watch your videos :))) You are amazing Suppoman	2
He better get more than a slap on the wrist.	1
I got a challenge for you, Erik. 1000 calories of every part of the food pyramid and each flavor, like sweet, salty, spicy, savory, that kind of deal.	1
  ,     ,     ,     ,     .	1
How can Jordan keep a straight face while talking to these people? I love him, he's fantastic!	2
"Questions:
Does the DRM appy to anything played on the Switch or just some upcoming titles? Do I need an internet connection to play on the Switch? Im always connected, so I had no idea this might be the case. Will DRM make the switch unusable in another console generation or two?"	0
"I did that finger-eating one and got my little bro with it
I laughed so hard I almost ran out of air to BREATHE
Great vid :D"	2
The music came before the movie: Christopher Nolan gave Hans Zimmer a letter and asked him to compose something inspired by it. Check out the full story and dive deeper into this lesson on our blog >> https://www.pianote.com/blog/interstellar-theme-tutorial/	1
When your world history test is in 20 minutes and you havent studied.	0
It would have been really funny if the Hibachi chefs just started cooking oatmeal ????	2
Me who is still waiting waiting for them to come: ??????	1
1 of the best by alekhine,  sir a match where alekhine with black exchanged queens in style + sac of 2 rooks for rebirth of his queen,  0-1 outstanding game	2
Probably the best game I've seen from Harry Maguire in a long time. His absence from the game was pivotal in United's win.	2
Dude, that's awesome. Also making a game every 3 months ain't so bad. You're officially in the business now. I can't wait to one day join the rest of you.	2
In orginal movie and trailer specifically, both Vikram and Vedha were projected to be equals. Given equal screen time, dialogues and actions. But here I believe Hrithik is being pushed more than Saif and that's what bugs me..	0
a topic could be for weird history, where did all the nazis go, like overnight the average Joe just seem to stop being a nazi, they held de nazification sessions and had admin for this, a very big interesting topic to cover.	1
"""spare change"" investible assets will be vastly curtailed. ""Stores of Value"" will be tapped to pay for increased prices."	0
Love your videos! I would love for you to talk more about your experience with working at a startup.	2
This could have been released today and it _still_ would sound futuristic.	2
"0:51 How did you hear about this job?  
1:06 What do you know about our company so far?  
1:39 Tell me about yourself  
2:12 What determined you to make such a bold career shift?  
3:32 How long have you been working for Soft Solutions?  
3:40 Why do you want to leave that job?  
3:55 What exactly made you apply for this job at our company?  
4:10 What are your strengths?  
4:33 Can you provide an example of how you acted as a team player?  
5:00 What would you do if you didn't get on with someone on your team?  
5:14 What are your weaknesses?   
5:29 Where do you see yourself in 5 years?  
5:54 Do you work well under pressure? 
6:21 Can you tell me about a recent accomplishment or success you had?"	1
I learned this very trick from a fantastic French chef early on in my cooking career and it is a game changer for poached eggs	2
Great content keep it up!	2
We got a very clear vision towards Data Science. Thank you. We love to watch more videos related to this.	2
This is hardly earth-shaking but it is wonderfully promising.	2
Sisqo sang the HELL outta this song. I remember being 10 years old when this masterpiece came out and I gotta say this was by far the best era for r&b music. They just don't make songs that hit like this anymore.	2
"I'm beginning to lean more and more towards the opinion that the Initiative was always going to be partnering up with a bigger, more experienced studio from the get-go. Maybe they had plans to do this originally with Certain Affinity? (as its been confirmed that massive support studio was working with the Initiative from the earliest days... most likely on a prototype)

But it looks like Gallagher went with his old studio, Crystal Dynamics and this was the final straw that caused the schism with a number of the earlier Initiative hires. But is it really that surprising? The Initiative wasn't hiring hundreds of devs every year to scale up for a massive AAA project... they were hiring like a dozen employees per year instead. And even Jeff Grubb once succinctly put it, 'Perfect Dark was never going to be made by the Initiative'.

Pretty sure Gallagher and other high-ups knew, if they were going to make an AAA game, they were always going to need a large & experienced studio to take on most of the work-load. Trying to get that done with a 65-75 person team isn't realistic."	1
And magnus introduced the new laughing gambit....but tbh magnus such a beast even he blunders somewhere he'll find all good moves after and manages to hold....prag too well played n not pushed too much....GG??	2
Great tips, thanks for sharing! Really resonated with knowing what to learn and keeping the momentum, even if it's 2 minutes	2
Fulham could easily stay up, along with Forest.	2
"This was a really interesting video! I've been toying around with the idea of making my own game after seeing Toby Fox and Eric Barone do it on their own, but I've always feared the learning process when I probably should have been excited for it.

On a side note, are you Dutch or Belgian? A lot of my favourite content creators have a similar accent to yours and I've taken note of how many content creators there are from these countries. 

Makes me wonder if certain culturally facilitated living standards leads to more content creators."	2
While I really have no plans to get a Steam Deck, I'm hoping that a little healthy competition for the Switch will make Nintendo step up their game with the next Switch (or with some sort of Pro model like the fans have been crying for for years)	1
This is a once in a lifetime achievement, one that he will probably never repeat. There is no need for him to do it again, we all know trying to achieve top marks is hard enough but when you are constantly pressured to do so, it is definitely mentally taxing.	1
I like socks vids they make me laugh and he finds some glitches and he makes my day better	2
Ah yes! Ive always loved this background art but you animated the water! It looks fantastic! Great work with the tunes as well. This is some good content right here ??	2
Everyone is busy praising this movie.....but I prefer the original anytime....no comparison there.????????But your reviews are as usual hilarious.	2
"finds a leaf

Professional: I say its about $20"	1
I know this video has been out a long time but I cant get enough of dude perfect	2
Hey Isy, du k?nntest ja wenn du die Millionen geknackt hast ein Millionen Spezial machen wo du dich vielleicht zeigst.liebe Gr?e aus ?sterreich ????	1
My wife is a teacher, and she greatly appreciates everything you all do for school systems. They really do impact our future	2
Wars are worst things in life and sadly we keep continuing same mistakes because of bloody old politicians who thirst for wars for their interests and leave people die . All governments are involved in world and no one is innocent . Imagine no wars everywhere and peace , but that is impossible , because evils surround us .	0
"Im 17 and just had my first job interview, I was asked the first 6 questions and some others but THANK YOU SO MUCH! It went soo well thanks to your videos!?? He said my answer to the first question was very strong and was surprised when I told him Id never had an interview before! Im confident I got the job but he said hell call me to update me in a few hours!!! :)

UPDATE: I got the job! I have a training day next week :))"	2
I put this on while I clean and ITS SO PEACEFUL . I dont even want to yell about the mess when Im listening to this LOL .	2
That holding hands moment was sooo cute~ ??	2
I wish guests would answer questions.....and THEN make their points.	1
I originally started watching your channel because of your 7 Eleven & Vending machine Japan episodes. SO happy to see more 7 Eleven content. I dont know why, but they fascinate me.	2
"POT FARMER DANCE SONG $$
I got out my pipe stuffed it with pot
You better believe it held a whole lot.
I whipped out a lighter thumbed up a flame
Sucked down that smoke which comforts my brain.

I tried alcohol smoked cigarettes
They did nothing but give me regrets.
My mom had arthritis could not walk around
I rolled her a joint she danced on the ground.

I thought I was losing my lovemaking knack
 After I smoked some to me it came back.
Soon I decided prices were high
I searched for some ground I wouldn't have to buy.

I bargained for seeds from smokers all around
 Got in my truck and drove out of town.
I walked through the woods where wild birds nest
 Found me the meadow I thought was the best.

I dug up the ground sowed all my seeds
Said a small prayer for strong, healthy weeds.
I watered at night with a five-gallon pail
 Mosquitoes went hungry for I wore a veil.

Seven months went by; I thought I would die
Till the Halloween moon was high in the sky.
At night I went out, in a camouflage suit
 Used my corn knife to chop down the loot.

I hung it up to dry where it couldnt be found.
Came back and got it, when it had turned brown.
I trimmed off the buds, stuffed them in bags
Called all my friends and passed out free drags.

In less than a week my crop was gone
 I flew to St. Thomas with a love hungry blonde!!

By Kansas City Poet Tom Zart
Google = Most Published Poet 
Toms 1,650 Poems Are Free To Share!
Google = George Bush Tom Zart
Google = Pot Farmer Poem"	0
Its 2022 and Im still listening to this song i dont think its gone ever get old!	2
"YES it's actually smaller than the previous gen! I felt so sad when we lost the 6"" pixel 5 size
it fits on my hand so perfectly"	2
Math was never my strong point is the most relatable thing Chris has said	2
Love this lofi songs man and keep inspiring me to push harder on my youtube channel goals ??	2
"I've been watching this video since the start of my journey. I come back here maybe once a year . 
It feels so good to have covered up some parts of this map. A dream I had when first seeing this"	2
hi love music ????	2
"love this series, I'll admit I was a little sceptical when you changed things on your channel but I am really enjoying this, maybe even more than the video essay type videos
kutgw <3"	2
Let the anxiety melt away. Let the overthinking stop for awhile. You deserve relaxation. You deserve comfort. Be kind to yourself. Please. ??	2
Thank you so much for uploading this video. It is helping me get through the pandemic!	2
Ill always love splatoon. They never take away things that people have always liked and instead they either make it better or add on things weve wanted. Im just really obsessed because Ive always loved this game since I was little :)	2
can we appreciate everything they do and lets just Give them a thank you for posting even in the hard times! This family never disappoints us??	2
The most impressive thing about this video is the fact that each character has their own thought out and individual signature. That's some ACE character creation.	2
Mokakda.ratata.karapu.sewaya.rata.kewa.wensa.kara.ekada.karapu.sewaya.????????????	2
very nice!	2
I'd rather see that money that comes from u and me go to climate and helping the 99% of us that are losing ground economically as opposed to the Republicans method of refusing to use money for anything unless it benefits the richest AND ONLY the richest amongst us.	1
"sonny, you should try the ""adobo version"" of cooked frogs with tons of red, small chili and garlic prepared by our very own locals. it's delicious!"	2
what I love about Gordon is he shares everything he learned a lot of chefs keep their secrets but he teaches I love it i have cooked almost everything Gordon has shown I want to personally thank you bc of you my wife loves me more	2
First 500$ cube unboxing, second 300$ cube unboxing, third 100$ mystery, fourth $200+ and now $2000+. I'm impressed	2
Lofi got me through my toughest exams, sometimes I cry when I listen to this channel...tears of joy because today I hold 2 degrees and a fine job. THANK YOU !!	2
Id wear this look everyday! I love all your videos ??	2
Damn, they didn't waste any time, they just got straight into it which is great because mating call guy was a total cream puff and needed to go	2
Im waiting for the Oneplus 10S or P or Q	2
The future of Tech is soo beautiful	2
This helped me get a 770 on reading bringing my superscore to 1570!! Thanks :)	2
Hi Austin , thanks again for your input & time , can you shed any light on any pension contributions by certain companies either in the US and/or UK rather than physical cash contributions, this is a question and I know if you answer it is NOT financial advice !	1
I dont know why, but Luke making the older people laugh and him playing along with them makes me smile	2
I feel like everythings gonna be ok when I watch your videos. Thanks !	2
Hi Tina! I'm a Sophomore studying in the UK and I was thinking of a path (Software Engineering, Cyber Security, Data Science) to follow for my career.  I was initially hesitant in trying to explore more on Data Science until I came across your video. Thank you very much for your insight! Anyways, I also reached out on LinkedIn :D - GY	2
thank you so much sir! I appreciate your hardwork for the sake of many students having a hard time to understand their subjects, especially physics, chemistry, mathematics, biology and etc. May God bless you and your family.	2
"I came for a machine learning related talk but I got a life lesson, thanks Daniel nice content! 

PS: I was thinking about going into ML field but I now realized it's due to engineer disease. I'm sticking with web apps at least for some time until I can decide what I love and what I don't."	2
I miss the days were entertainment was entertaining.	1
I am almost at my 20th hour of watching TEDx talks and I have to say I AM getting pretty good at this.	2
Thank you. Really helped me in science	2
"when someone else allowed me the good fortune of helping them a little bit...It's a great time to be alive when people like you, Lex, and Andrew share your knowledge with the world simply to help them ""a little bit"".  I believe the little bits will make the world a better place."	2
"Subscribe if you are new we are going to be doing 2-3 of these videos a week!
3 Week Early & Uncut Reactions on - https://www.patreon.com/sourtaste
Join Our Discord - https://discord.gg/3fnxExcs4f"	1
"At last. Someone with a brain!  Thank you!   its nice to come to a channel that explains and dismisses ""aliens"" etc.   very refreshing."	2
Housekeeper here! I really thought these were going to be ridiculous, but a lot of them are actually pretty good tips. Some of them are a little extra, like dont go to the trouble of blending up dried grapefruit peel and mixing it with baking soda, just make a paste with baking soda, lemon juice, and white vinegar. Also I dont think flying round while mopping the floors is a hack. Maybe just take off your shoes.	2
It's nice to listen at 1.75x speed!	2
You know the school system is bad when people are posting how to guess the answer to a question	0
You guys make quite marvelous gaming content when it comes to being experimental with GTA by pushing boundaries or make obstacle courses humorous. These kind of contests (and sometimes commentary with editing) always put a smile on my face!	2
Ja w?a?nie jestem na wakacjach w grach od dzisiaj do niedzieli??????	1
Great job steve!! We all need easy fixes hahahaha!  Good luck to whoever wins!!	2
Its awesome to know there is a Brazilian street food as I love Brazilian Bbq.	2
These guys had the best patience I've ever seen in Rust.	2
"I really believe in everything he has just said. It is important to avoid procrastination guys. I am telling you this because of my life experience. I moved to Canada when I was 20 years old and my life has changed completely. I was studying computer engineering in my home country and was about to complete my 3rd year when my mother took the decision to move to Canada. It was really difficult at the beginning because of the language and culture. My knowledge about English was probably between 30% and 45%, so I had to invest part of time studying English.  I proposed to myself that I had to learn the language  at a university level  in 1 year, and it worked. I still need improvements, but I feel really proud of myself because I was able to learn the language. After having learned English, I applied to University of Toronto to study Computer Science,  and since the semester was going to start on September of the following year, I took that year to study everything about my career. I took my time to study advanced functions, calculus, physics and programming. What do I mean about all of this? You can learn everything you want if you really want to. The crucial part of all of this is to believe that you can do it. I personally do not believe in what the science says about the ""SPECIAL KIDS"". We all are smart beings that have the same capacities to learn everything we want. You can do it guys if you are willing to take the effort. I hope you have a great day and I wish you all the best ??. NEVER GIVE UP."	1
I think the post processing added a lot of style to game, made me realise the importance of post processing. Nice job  great video	2
This is very valuable advice. Its easy to overthink and completely lose track of your end goal. This can be detrimental to your future. Thanks Ali!	0
Wow 5 years have passed. Ashley Gavin is a great comedian and an amazing podcast host! Crazy to see where people come from	2
"Mais um vdeo formigante ???

Sauda??es do Brasil?????"	2
??????????? ?????!! ????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ??? 10/10 ?????? ???????? ???????!!!	1
"""I was never good at sports""

Sis




We all felt that"	0
Ive been watching ASMR for years and Ive never had these kind of affects. Omg thank you so much. ??	2
This is driving me crazy!  Why isn't the media not asking the key question: why did he take the documents??!!	0
Prestons videos never fail to entertain someone  ??	2
let's not forget that when the Iranian regime offered military support to Russia by providing striking drones to fuel the Russian aggression in Ukraine, our Arab allies, partners were working closely with secretary Austin to open their warehouses to provide Ukraine with thousands rounds of 155mm, Himars missiles, in addition other forms of military tools to help Ukraine protect itself,	1
great fundamental analyses!	2
Its so inspiring to new entrepreneurs to see others also starting their own businesses. Good luck to anyone whos opening their first business!	2
I took a course in college called the Bible as literature. It analyzed the Bible not so much as being a gospel but as being a text and considering some of the incentives and bases for as much of the propositions that were contained in this script. It was a pretty interesting class one of the few I still remember from my undergrad days.	2
I dont wear makeup because it has been intimidating for me. This is the first tutorial Ive ever seen and Im gonna order some products and give it a shot soon. ??	1
Even months later this still remains to be incredible of how MrBeast created all of this for us to enjoy and be entertained. We all congratulate you Jimmy for all of the hard work you have made to reach this many views.	2
inflations getting crazy, im gonna have to start cutting down on things like making payments soon..	0
"The goal should be to get better, not look for ""simple"" openings. Good luck getting to 2000+ just playing the Englund, Traxler, Ponziani, Staffford, and Danish gambit.

Maybe this advice holds true for those who have a 50-60 game accuracy or 100+ centipawn loss in their 10 min games, but not for more advanced players."	1
I cant believe were just a month away from the iPhone 14 Series being unveiled im so excited ????	2
Such a great YouTuber always makes me laugh love the edits amazing the way you use them keep up the great work Putther	2
BERNIE.  THANK YOU FOR GIVING THE PROPER VOICE TO THIS CRITICAL ISSUE.   BIDEN THREW A BONE.  MUCH MORE HELP FOR REGULAR PEOPLE IS NEEDED.  SYSTEMIC CHANGE IS NEEDED IN THE EDUCATIONAL DEBT INDUSTRY.	2
UPI ?? ???????? ?????? ... Digitalisation... ?????????.	1
I wish professors taught like this!! Such clarity - I am so thankful to you.	2
He said did and is shady, and he got called out I love when idiots think they can no be held to the same BS standards	0
I think, there's a second mystery, regarding William's car being in the water...How could that many people live around there, and not see his car, at the edge of the water?!?	1
Want to see more from Thor? >> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPKHna_P9zE	1
This makes me want to start reading again. It's been too long since I really read a book, basically since school. Back then I didn't like to be 'forced' to read. I find it difficult to get hooked and I'm also quite a slow reader. Who could give me some suggestions, to give it another try?	0
En h?zl? byyp hakeden tek ki?i sensin abi ya senin videolar?n? izlerken ?ok e?leniyom :)	1
I would love to boot up my console and swap from Battlefield to Halo to Spiderman to Mario Kart to Pokmon within the same ecosystem but I just don't think something like that will happen unless there is a third party neutral console that has all the subscriptions for each major player on it	1
The first game was a really clever reference to no time to explain, with very similar mechanics, and pretty much the same genre	2
currently watching as the quarantine period is in process and this helped me understand. Thank you for this amazing explanation! <3 <3	2
I got accepted into radiology school! I had a 33% of getting in and I nailed that interview because of you;) forever thankful for you and your resources	2
This is absolutely stunning. I love the voice over. There is always something special about watching nature and animals.	2
Let's hope the next generation has a chance	2
What I've learned from this video is that every little rock can become a creature in google maps.	1
"Only took a decade to find

When you finally find your phone and you realize it was in your pocket the whole time"	1
Love for this to be pieced together of how we get the Egypt ???? { governed style } we have today . Mind you , Egypt { sadly } is no stranger to corruption now as so too back then . ????????????	1
I hope there will be more games hitting 120fps at at least 1440p. If not with the Series X, then definately release a Pro mid-gen refresh asap.	2
probably should've paid attention in class... questioning life choices	0
Jimmy is one of the only people who can say I want to achieve the impossible and make it sound completely normal.	2
"?? Visit https://brilliant.org/PIRATEKING/ to get started learning STEM for free, and the first 200 people will get 20% off their annual premium subscription.

?? Follow me on Instagram! ?? https://piratekingdom.com/instagram
?? Get 5 FREE Stocks on WeBull (up to $3000). Use my link to deposit 1 penny into a fresh account, get 6 free stocks min at $34 and max at $12.7K ?? https://a.webull.com/i/PIRATEKING"	2
"The ""ok"" guy gets me every time...thnx for the all the lol's. ?? ??"	2
This was really cool, Im excited for it even more now	2
Thank you for the update AMZTC3 is done right, and waiting is part of the process,	2
THANK YOU . YOU CAUGHT ME WHILE DOING EXACTLY THIS WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. I found this channel cramming. Wish i found it while writing my essay, it would have saved me a lot of stress (though I think I did well enough on them)	2
so nice I like your channel ????????	2
That was a great video!! I wish you were  my teacher or my daughters teacher. You make it fun and keep us interested throughout.  Thank you Hank	2
My whole AI Semester in almost 12 minutes	1
I dont know about the rumor that we didnt know who Boy George was at all in the US. Actually we all fell in love with him! A true singer and flamboyant personality!	2
Who else remembers when Tyler would win every challenge	1
This was really well made, wow!	2
This video was my first exposure to neural networks when I was in high school. Now Im a machine learning engineer at Google.	2
When it comes to a person journalist slander up and down when its a company you say they are allegations?	0
Can we take a moment appreciate the level of effort Norman put into this video? The research, facts, analysis and narration are top notch. I love the visual aspects like magazines, figures, gone box art and trinkets. Great job Norm!	2
"It must be a serious issue for Apple to admit it is a security thing.  Usually the label their security updates as ""bug fixes""."	1
Today is One Directioner's, 12th anniversary, still waiting after like 7 years. Stay strong guys. Message to our boys - WE DIRECTIONERS ARE ALWAYS GONNA BE THERE FOR YOU.	2
Taking Kotaku seriously is like taking what people say on Twitter seriously.	1
2:33 is my favorite song. So darn catchy!	2
RELYEA PLEASE play an awesome game called blasphemous	2
I have been watching cfg for a while now its amazing of how much effort you puts into your vids thanks for what you do ??	2
I really really love this video it's amazing also you guy's are amazing ?????? ???	2
Let me find 20 minutes of my life to watch this masterpiece later today ??	2
Such a shameless BJP... Can't even answer the question asked and blabbering something else...	0
"Lenovo always been crazy in the budget gaming laptop market. My first introduction to ""PC gaming"" was a 1080p lenovo with SLI 750m's. Was a killer deal too. Back when the 7 series was Nvidia's newest line. I remember looking up so many videos about its performance in games weeks before I got it. I haven't gotten anything Lenovo since as I build my own towers now and get much more premium laptops, but I will always appreciate and respect what Lenovo does."	2
Repeat with me: don't skip the math.	1
ILets all appreciate the amount of effort this man puts in his videos, amazing. Keep grinding bro, I love the videos?	2
"Your RPs are out of this world amazing (Im still vibing from the Trojan War medical muse/lyre player), but as this video shows, and as we all know, just plain Gibi (excuse the oxymoron) isnt too bad either! (Excuse the understatement.) Thanks for the Zs. EDIT follows:

Actually I should not say Gibis role plays are out of this world. They are in this world. They portray pieces of who we are, or want to be, or pieces of people we know or want to know, or of people we have met or want to meet, or of friends (or personal assistants) we have or want to have. And this is (just one reason) why they are so amazing."	2
Thanks a lot for sharing all these tricks with us for free. You are really great.	2
Common sense !! I really think a lot more is needed!!!	1
This needs to be on Spotify. Now please. The people have spoken. Goosebumps	2
"Speaking only from my experience as a 40 year old man, most of the guys I knew in highschool are all still friends...  pretty much all the girls hate each other.

Two women will stare daggers at each other because the other one wore the same color as her.

Two guys can get into a fist fight, and if the right song comes on the jukebox, they become best friends, and spend the rest of the night drinking and talking about music."	0
the fact you even thought the robot saw himself as the hero for fighting pollution is really mesmerizing, probably a kind of game I'd be interested if released on Steam. Great evolution in your projects, btw	2
I work with Mitutoyo calipers every day. It's supposedly more accurate if you measure towards the inside of the jaws due to the outside being more susceptible to bend due of lever forces or whatever it's called. But likely doesn't matter if not measuring to micron (0.001mm) levels.	1
"Linus 1 year ago: dont send in fake speedruns, its Mean.
Linus now: today were looking at a fake speedrun!"	0
Does anyone else just love the sound of the food as she sets it down?	2
I'm thinking of wolf demons when I hear this song this means it's super good.	2
I appreciated this nature video so much, especially because it did not show any killing.  Except for the butterflies.	2
If you want to motivate people for your subject, your goal should not be to show them how simple it is, but instead how deep it is!	2
I'm 100% sure that it's Neo who brought Morpheus into this matrix.	1
"Aaaaa que lista maravilhossa!!!! GamePass com tudooo, lan?amentos pagos com tudooo 

"	1
"Finally 
The best explanation of ML in 100 seconds has landed on earth
??????
This is possible only with Fireship ??"	2
"1980 PLASTIC GANG 2022 how many magnets do you want? Yes

Edit: mom I'm famous"	1
shooting the crystal does nothing for me, why?	0
I would say that the best thing about the XBox2 (AKA Series S/X) are the memory cards.  They're convenient & swappable.  With the size that AAA & even some AA games are coming at these days I view them as essential.  With the PS5, I'd have to get, at a bare minimum a 2 TB which ISN'T swappable.	2
Hilary is exceptional at explaining and engaging with people at all different levels of expertise.	2
This video made me a bit sad. Made me realise how the industry has changed, and not for the better. I have young children so cant game like I used to but when I do have time I find myself increasingly drawn back to older games that Ive played before but adore, the vast majority of new games just dont appeal to me. As for the new gen consoleswhats the point, all they seem to be doing is rereleasing older gen games. Yawn	0
Dr Iroku has nailed perfect balance of being fun and informative while remaining professional. Perfect for this series!	2
Love the diverse content!	2
Everybody ganster till he goes into creative mode	1
Hey isy! So ein cooles viedo wieder! ??	2
I can confirm her squirrel facts.  I raised an orphaned one, and it was the sweetest cuddliest pet until it almost grown.  Woke up one morning an she acted like a wild animal: biting, scratching, trying to eat my face off...  It was a sad day, but I've checked wanting a squirrel off my list!	0
great vid keep up the great work!	2
Your designs/ creativity are simple but very effective  (extraordinary) I won't of thought about them. I love all	2
Very thought provoking video.  I've always found Brian Cox's viewpoints VERY Interesting.  He sees the same things as other scientists, but he helps us think about it just a little differently than many, which can help us think differently ourselves. Fascinating!	2
"""I don't have time = it is not a priority.""  
""Time is Elastic""
""Time is a choice""
Totally agreed.
Thank you so much for the talk."	2
"I recently watched ""Hackers"" again and realized that it's a really good pairing with the original ""Tron"". They both present ridiculous representations of how computers work but they are complementary, just from opposite sides of the screen. Great performances from a great cast in both cases. They are solid presentations of how people wished computers worked in the late twentieth century immediately before and after Al Gore opened up the internet to everyone."	2
"It certainly feels like having 10 jobs at once.
...while still working a regular job  to finance your development"	1
"1) It saves you time
2) It makes you nice
3) It's a cure for loneliness
4) It prepares you for failure"	2
I've looked at so so many videos trying to to do this correctly and this is the first video that helped so so much thank you!	2
Thanks for the course! Im playing this at 1.25x speed and its perfectly understandable and saves a couple of hours of reproduction	2
Chill Vibes - Lofi hip hop mix ~ A playlist for loving the autumn	2
Brings back so many memories of my early childhood to now.  I remember when I was very little, I had the N64 where I first played MARIOKART.  Then I was later given as a present the Game Boy.  And then I remember later on I wanted the GameCube which I got I think either for my birthday or for Christmas.  And thats where I first played Animal Crossing.  I played the other versions on the other systems as well.  I then asked about a year or two later Santa for a blue DS Lite, and a few years later I got the DS i XL which was a surprise present from my grandma.  And when I graduated from middle school, my grandma got me the Wii as a graduation present.  I eventually also got the 2DS only because it was slightly cheaper and now I have the Nintendo Switch.  I still love them all and Nintendo to this day!  Animal Crossing, Super Mario Bros., MARIOKART, MARIO PARTY, and all the other classics are still my favorite to this day.  And I cant wait to see Super Nintendo World when it opens at Universal Studios!	2
" 23:23   Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.UNO
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial stayhome"	1
Probably the biggest W ever. Such amazing games and very well done to Xbox for doing this for us?? Xbox better forever ????	2
"One of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something, He always respect us, the audience and his team, and he is polite in all his videos.we congratulate ourselves on this achievement. More to come ????
l"	2
?ber Simon k?nnte ich mich jedesmal be?mmeln - man merkt das er ?lter wird, schreit immer so random in die Runde rein mit seinem Headset auf dem Kopf :D	1
??	1
That moment when you have taken machine learning and A.I. courses, and you still have no idea how Seth was able to do this.	1
"For some future video you should definitely build like this HUGE base. Just overnight near some big clan bases and have him be the only guy claiming to have built it by himself. With turrets, and those missile things on top and have him talk shit to the clans that come by saying how their bases are puny. Something like Hans and Franz talk ""Look at your puny base, it's nothing, you're nothing"" Maybe get the clans to try and raid his huge base with lots of turrets and stuff. That would be pretty funny. But you would need a huge base that is already built and able to paste in easily."	1
There are a lot of unique aspects to this video that I really enjoyed, the small sample of languages, even the hunting reenactments.  Native American cultures are so interesting and diverse, theyre just endlessly fascinating.  I hope the native languages will always be preserved, theres always resistance by children, especially teenagers, to adopt the more conservative aspects of their parents culture.  I remember listening to a Navajo radio station near Window Rock, AZ, and when the required traditional song was finished, the young DJ said thats enough of that (bleep), the tribe makes us play these!, then put the latest rock back on.  This is universal, not specific to any cultures, kids around the world always want whats new!   When they eventually have children of their own, theyre glad they received the traditional culture and want to pass it on.	2
La camicia del Galatasaray ti sta molto bene, mio ??carismatico amico #Avreactshow ?????	2
Im 35 and watching this in 2020 because I never took a chemistry class in high school or college. Thank you so much for making it so easy to understand. Cant wait to watch the rest of your videos.	2
Wasnt sure Id be convinced about these, but the idea of no longer need prescription glasses is very tempting lol we will see	2
Some great ideas! This is why I love reading and literature. The human condition is so complex. 	2
"never say,"" I'll do it later"" when it comes to assignments and projects.
I'll write some more tips later"	1
Normal person would end up with a much longer sentence. This is beyond wrong!	0
Clear, businesslike and surgical presentation. Thank you mister Gonzales. May justice prevail!	2
Uuauu gongsam ja pode ter seu restaurante	1
"yes, her novels"" make us laugh.""  Don't forget to emphasize how witty and funny Austen is."	2
People are dying out of hunger but some are spending money on things that don't exist. We have truly reached the point of no return.	0
I have watched Vikram vedha on youtube in Hindi last year. I don't think, Saif can beat R. Madhwan in acting. R Madhwan surprised us in the end as he looks innocent throughout the whole movie. But Saif doesn't look innocent at all throughout the trailer. R Madhwan's smile was enough to make Vikram vedha a thriller movie.	2
"Siiiii. Si el Direct es el 14, ser en mi cumple. Tremendo regalo. Jajaja. Ojal. 

Espero que haya algo de Starfox. ??"	1
Thanks to cameraman live from million years ago for the documentary	2
11/10 video would watch dankness again	1
Guys, He has a Patreon, and a go fund me page in the discription. Lets all donate to this legend for helping us. I would be failing my classes if it wasn't for him.	2
At this point, Zach can fully rely on his wonderful cooking skills and YouTube channel and wont have a single problem with his money. Top quality videos, Zach! Keep it up!	2
O jesto de ele comer e preparar e t?o bonito e satisfatrio ????amo seus vdeos ????????????????????????	1
"Great movie magnificent worth watching 
Had everything ld expect in a great western"	2
Working on railways messing around with circuits for a living I hate troubleshooting when it's something simple we've just overlooked. Last fault I had that I was there for fixing was literally a diode being the wrong way round. Cost 4 fuse, hand tracing and belling all the connection points before finally we found the diode was the wrong way round 2 hours later. It's always the last thing you check. Love seeing this kind of content when it's an easy fix	0
I'm in 4th year of my CS studies right now. Unfortunatelly, I needed to realize all of the stuff you mentioned on my own. I feel like in some cases it can be a little bit late. I just hope somebody would talk to me about this at the beggining. I would say to all new CS students: 'This will be harder than you think. But the balance is the most important thing'.	1
Hey cubehead thanks for the wonderful videos I cant wait for this one keep the content up you never fail to impress me	2
Trying to make sense of cryptocurrencies can be a bit overwhelming for investors. <It's a nascent but promising asset class built on technology that has the potential to disrupt a wide range of industries. For investors, what's probably most attractive is the possibility of life-changing returns. Don't worry, you're not late to the crypto party. We're likely still in the very early innings, leaving you with lots of time to put money to work and learn about this burgeoning market. If you're new to crypto then my advise is that you trade with the guidance of an expert. I have learned from alot of Youtubers especially my mentor Gerard McDonald, who taught me how to make trade and increase my portfolio to 19 btc lately.	2
Man youll never know how clean Zach is until you watch other mukbangers	1
a whole day of just msuic? awesome!	2
Damn the mueral canvas is nice, too pricey	0
He always wants somebody to go with him wicked old man	0
"""Science should not be about whether you are good at it or not, it should only be about whether you are interested."""	1
i love how rami is mostly the honest one when it comes to no reaction	2
"I started studying computer science 2015. I really never knew much about computer science. I started in the first semester with a programming course and came across this video and I was fascinated by this! Now in the last semester, I am writing my bachelorthesis in neural networks!

You were my inspiration!"	2
I feel really sorry for whomever made the second game. They sold themselves short. I mean, you don't owe it to the developer, but it would be really cool if your worked with them to make it a full release. If they're interested. Also, could you give these devs a shout out?	1
How did they plant evidence when the whole search was watched on CCTV?	1
The kid explained physics very well for that man. Glad he shared his knowledge	2
Gostei do  vdeo  loki	1
Took me couple hours, but I did it thanks to this guide! Appreciate it ??	2
Please don't ever stop making literature videos, because we don't have English literature in high school in where I live and I want to study it so bad, even if my English is really not good	0
Your videos are so solid and legitimately helpful. You have an understanding of the topics and give in depth content/examples. Thanks my man. Nuggets of YouTube.	2
"Hey Linus, a good trick for streaming lights: bounce them off the wall.  Much easier on the eyes, and a nice softer look.
Also, for indoors, I'd recommend a hyper-cardioid mic (looks like a short shotgun) like the Audio-Technica AT4053B."	2
HI HI HI <3	1
"After reading comments I agree I felt ripped off, so I decided to search for ""fattest giraffe"" and there are many copies of that particular photo, with a few that have been squished or spread to make it look even fatter. Yet there was also one sitting in someones hand. Suspicious I know.  But I was more amazed to find a very overweight tiger, one animal I would not expect to get fat. Also huge prairie dog. and a very fat horse. Some animals labelled morbidly obese could turn up more."	0
Currently a bio major on a pre med track. COVID had me rethinking my career choices this past year and now looking at switching to computer science. This was some really good insight!  Thank you	2
"The OG Rubik's Cube was set up to be basically ""temperamental child"" proof. Like you demonstrated, you can throw it at a wall and the wall will lose that battle - but it's also super unlikely to pop or corner-twist during normal use. Non-cubers often consider a cube ""broken"" if it's popped or corner-twisted - I remember having to rescue an expensive speedcube from the trash can because my cousin corner-twisted it.

That comes at the expense of having almost no corner-cutting ability and having a lot of friction making it hard to turn., but then again it's not meant to be their Speedcube (the Rubik's brand speedcube is still kinda terrible though, but for different reasons)."	0
To be friends with soup Timmy you have to be good at solving rubix cubes	1
That was seriously the most enjoyable thing I've seen in awhile. I forgot how rad this channel is. Well done sir.	2
"Today, I made fried food with Cheetos!
Would it be delicious to make food with snacks?
I thought it would be really bad, but there was a huge twist! 
It was so delicious and the color was so cool!
Especially, it was really delicious when I fried snacks on rice cakes!
It was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside!
I want to eat again!
You should try making it, too!
Thank you for watching my video!

`P
 ! 
,  !
P



W  

??? ??? ??? ?? ??? ??????!
??? ??? ????... ?? ?? ?? ? ???? ??? ??? ????! 
?? ???, ??? ????!
??? ?? ???? ???? ??? ?? ?????,
?? ????, ?? ???? ?? ??????
? ????!
???? ??????!
? ?? ???? ?????!"	2
And this is the problem with voting and hiring on the basis of diversity.	0
This is one of the most fleshed out speculative biologies I've seen in this channel so far! The illustrations are high quality and the little interactions between these organisms in their alien ecosystem can be derived from the illustrations themselves and it's really interesting	2
no need na mag asukal, diet is the key :)	2
I love the idea of this, it's a great way to see your progress when you usually don't see it ;)	2
Merci Jvm toujours au top gr?ce a vous 3 dead Island sur srie x pour moins de 6 EUR c gnial merci pour le tuyaux	1
The first talk was great. Solo developers can get caught up following professional project management methods but forget the factor of individual motivation. E.g., it might be faster to first deal with the most complex problem, but making small wins working on art or marketing along the way helps you to stay motivated.	2
Tips for my incoming practitioners! Try to recreate the entire atmosphere to get more accurate results! Wake up at around the same time as the actual time shown in the video (8:00 AM)	1
This tutorial is fantastic!! Your delivery of the product knowledge is thorough and easy to understand for a beginner like myself. Thank-you for sharing :)	2
"If Jones ""didn't do it on purpose,"" then why is he still doing it everyday during his trial?"	0
"?? | Tracklist
[00:00] Kanisan ft. Wishes  and Dreams - morning moon
[02:23] Kupla - Lavender
[04:52] amies - Destination Unknow
[07:40] Tenno - Overgrown
[09:54] Raimu - Sinking Fatigue
[13:08] Peak Twilight ft. Prithvi - Magical Connection
[15:42] Chau Sara - Mramor
[17:55] Krynoze ft. Diiolme - Blooming Dales
[20:40] No Spirit - Exhale
[23:26] Kayou. - Stargazing
[25:40] Purrple Cat - Breathtaking
[28:46] stream error - takeoff
[30:55] Kayou. - Daydream
[33:40] Casiio ft. Sleepermane - Passing By
[35:41] BluntOne & Baen Mow ft. Phlocalyst - Blank Canvas
[38:44] l'Outlander - Desert Night
[41:15] Blue Wednesday - The Descent
[44:40] WYS ft. Sweet Medicine - Spanish Castle
[47:18] S N U G ft. Mondo Loops - dusk
[49:51] Ambulo ft. Squeeda - Noctilucent
[52:47) hi jude ft. Towerz - companion
[55:01] Raimu - We Met in the Forest
[58:20] Team astro ft. cocabona - Planet Buddies
[1:00:46] Tom Doolie ft. DAO - Sincere
[1:02:48] Danisogen - Adanel
[1:05:17] S N U G - convo
[1:07:35] Charlee Nguyen ft. Mondo Loops - Heart of the Sea
[1:09:48] Hevi ft. Paper Ocean - Morning Brew
[1:12:04] enluv - Within
[1:15:07] ENRA ft. dr. niar - Places
[1:17:52] Danisogen - The Secret Road
[1:20:31] Tatami Construct ft. Towerz - good friends
[1:22:53] tender spring ft. another silent weekend x Blue Wednesday - i got u
[1:26:12] Epona - Misty
[1:28:03] Kurt Stewart ft. Lomme - Cope
[1:30:07] xander. ft. Philip Somber - Thoughful
[1:33:00] Khutko ft. Blue Wednesday - Walk Out
[1:35:29] Blurred Figures ft. another silent weekend - snowfall
[1:38:05] Mujo ft. Sweet Medicine x Jhove - Everything Gone
[1:39:52] Trxxshed ft. Jhove - Ivory
[1:42:17] Leavv - Fields
[1:44:10] Tibeauthetraveler - It's ok
[1:46:45] Phlocalyst ft. Mr. K?fer - Kukui Leaves
[1:49:24] Mavine - Lockdown
[1:51:10] Jhove - a lonely star
[1:54:46] S N U G ft. Nuver - nightfall
[1:57:33] Casiio ft. Sleepermane - Afterglow
[1:59:53] amies ft. cxlt. - Fireflies
[2:02:48] Amess ft. Jisatsu x Soitchy - Interstellar
[2:05:22] cxlt. - Close Your Eyes
[2:08:04] Bcalm ft. Purrple Cat - hope
[2:10:44] Thaehan - One Last Time
[2:13:00] Dontcry ft. Nokiaa - Mist
[2:15:01] Lawrence Walther ft. Less Gravity - Floating, Drifting
[2:17:55] ticofaces ft. Mondo Loops - Arrival
[2:20:18] Mujo ft. Sweet Medicine x Mondo Loops - Escaped
[2:22:54] Project AER - Where We Are
[2:25:32] hi jude - ocean rays
[2:27:53] Kaspa. ft. softy - Gentle Soul
[2:30:37] Loafy Building x w00ds C Shelter
[2:32:52] l'Outlander - Homeland
[2:34:58] goosetaf ft. Blue Wednesdday - Silk
[2:37:16] Kayba ft. Lomme - Garden
[2:39:08] H.1 ft. Hevi - A Way Home
[2:47:17] WYS - The Bad Party
[2:45:26] Living Room ft. M e a d ow - Rituals
[2:47:36] eugenio izzi ft. Mondo Loops - Starry Night
[2:50:00] Kalaido - Teahouse Spirits
[2:53:38] WYS ft. Sweet Medicine - Mourning Dove
[2:55:57] Project AER - A Better Place
[2:57:52] Amess ft. kokoro - Final Moments
[3:00:19] Mondo Loops - Essence Of The Forest 
[3:03:04] Bcalm ft. Banks - Hiraeth
[3:05:17] Tibeauthetraveler ft. Lawrence Walther - Childlike Wonder
[3:07:40] Bcalm ft. Bank x Fletcher Reeds - Comfort
[3:09:55] softy ft. Mondo Loops - Hideaway
[3:12:27] Pointy Features ft. Kanisan x softy - Afloat
[3:14:43] Lilac - Perfume
[3:17:14] cxlt. - Above The Quiet City
[3:19:15] no one's perfect ft. cxlt. - Waking Dream
[3:22:03] Tibeauthetraveler - Northern Lights
[3:24:26] Styr ft. Drxnk - Flood
[3:26:28] Mondo Loops ft. softy - Star Sailing
[3:29:00] TABAL - Last Light
[3:31:51] softy ft. Lucid Green - We'll Be Alright
[3:34:26] Kudo - cool winds
[3:36:55] Mindeliq ft. Neele Harder - Birds in the sky
[3:39:22] l'Outlander - City On A Hill
[3:42:00] Dimension 32 ft. lOutlander - Nuit Blanche
[3:44:26] SCayos ft - Phlocalyst Galaxy
[3:46:53] kokoro - Cailn
[3:50:17] Jhove ft. fourwalls - Golden Hour
[3:52:29] mell-? ft. Ambulo - Passage
[3:54:16] Towerz ft. hi jude - abundance
[3:56:51] Bert ft. Jhove - fuji
[3:59:33] Yasumu - Mirror of Time
[4:02:26] Xander - Cabin In A Forest
[4:05:35] S N U G ft. Enluv - Circadian
[4:07:47] DLJ ft. Hoogway - Far Away
[4:09:50] Pandrezz - Feelin Warm
[4:12:21] Kinissue ft. Ayzic - Cascade
[4:14:33] Hoogway - Lune x softy
[4:16:49] Mondo Loops ft. Sitting Duck - Hope
[4:19:18] Osaki ft. Gerardo Milln - Hazy Illuminations
[4:21:51] GlobulDub - Sail
[4:24:15] Celestial Alignment - Heading Home
[4:27:15] Oatmello - Thinking of You
[4:29:33] Elior - Discover
[4:32:09] iamalex ft. Felty x Blossum - Kiss Me
[4:34:56] Rudy Raw ft. Styr x Phlocalyst C Liquid Spots
[4:36:58] Blue Wednesday - Wildflower
[4:39:27] Hoogway x High On Stars - Lovely
[4:41:37] Kainbeats x softy - Cloudy Springs
[4:44:00] Hoogway ft. Nowun - Inhale
[4:46:37] Jhove x Dillan Witherow C when i close my eyes
[4:48:46] Jhove x kokoro - i hope this never ends
[4:51:21] Tibeauthetraveler ft. reysi - Leaving This Place
[4:53:56] Hevi ft. Stuffed Tomato - Beyond The Dreams
[4:56:37] Living Room ft. Viktor  Minsky - Flow
[4:58:49] Towerz x edelwize - from me to you ft. kokoro 
[5:01:37] goodnyght - time for bed
[5:03:54] LESKY ft. Sitting Duck x Waywell - Cozy Cuddles
[5:06:15] Tyluv - Down by the Lake
[5:08:23] fourwalls ft. farewell - Smile From A Friend
[5:10:52] Dontcry ft. Nokiaa - Mindpool
[5:12:22] j'san ft. epektase - outer space
[5:14:54] Kainbeats - Lilac
[5:17:00] BVG ft. m?ndberg x Spencer Hunt - Sunday Morning
[5:20:08] Swink - just you
[5:22:59] Phlocalyst ft. Living Room x Akn - Old Friend 
[5:24:54] Kainbeats - A Walk Though the Sky
[5:27:14] Dr. Dundiff - Winter Love
[5:29:58] C4C- Go Time
[5:32:22] Dillan Witherow ft. Blue Wednesday - Fig Trees
[5:35:02] Ky Akasha - In The End
[5:37:27] Osaki ft. Tibeauthetraveler x Nogymx - Wishes
[5:39:47] Kaspa. ft. Mondo Loops - Star Trails
[5:41:53] Ky akasha - Stellar Wind
[5:44:02] squeeda ft. Enluv- Invisible Medicine
[5:46:49] Glimlip ft. Louk - I'll Meet You At The Station
[5:49:13] junior rodeo ft. azula x Delayde - Marine Layer
[5:52:07] tomcbumpz - be
[5:54:04] TABAL - Orange Leaves
[5:56:42] M e a d o w ft. drxnk x Styr - Leaves
[5:58:32] Laffey - Together
[6:00:57] Kainbeats - where light can't reach
[6:30:02] Spencer Hunt - willow hill
[6:04:49] bhxa ft. Dimension 32 - Breaking point
[6:06:55] Yasumu - I Tought We Were Friends
[6:08:55] Lenny Loops ft. Hoffy Beats - Reassuring Skies
[6:11:14] Hevi ft. H.1 - Ethereal
[6:13:34] Laffey ft. softy - Forest Friends
[6:16:40] Living Room ft. mell-? - The Night Is Full Of Wonders
[6:19:09] steezy prime ft. Ayzic - youth
[6:21:32] BVG - Spring Rain
[6:24:23] BVG ft. m?ndberg - Memories
[6:27:37] Ornithology - Swaying Trees
[6:29:40] Laffey - After The Rain"	1
Great stuff. GuardenToken  will make huge gains. Buy early thank me later.	2
This is amazing! *I love documentaries and Chess. And they came together on my birthday.* Lucky me ????????	2
"""And Jacobs fires the football into the playclock""  ??"	1
Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!	2
"Tate after he strangles you
BREATHE AIR"	0
Imagine if that's really the GrandMaster's ship and all of this leads to the debut of World War Hulk in the MCU. That would be insane.	1
I love how she's confident enough to put forth her views about the current issues and struggles of women and how she's able to relate to and understand them and then throw light on what the world has probably been doing wrong and comment on that. All of her thoughts and ideas and opinions are so down to earth and genuine that they just touch your heart and I really appreciate her efforts of making this world a better place to live in by promoting valuable projects and regenerating the idea of gender equality amongst the youth and the older generation as well. So, good job. :)	2
That alien analogy works well in every branch of science....what a wonderful way to establish a context for such an engaging lecture...thank you	2
What a beautiful game! Ive never seen this before. One of the many reasons Bobby Fischer may have been the greatest player ever	2
for people that dont understand it, we all know afton hates being in the suit because its infinite suffering. if they kill him he gets to rest peacefully and they dont want that because he needs to pay by suffering until the world ends or something.	0
Thank you! I used this video when I started cubing now Im down to 11 seconds as my best time with AT LEAST a year of practice. I now average about 19 seconds and love speed solving!	2
"*22:48*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
"0:00 - literature
0:33. - entertainment
2:12  - sympathy
5:39  - nice, ordinary things"	1
"This lecture is awesome and really inspiring. I've been a fan now for years now Lex, and I'm really happy to see your success. I just wanted to point out that I believe your analysis of ""One Shot Learning"" re: human bipedal locomotion might be a little off base. The learning and development process that leads to bipedalism is characterized by a list of precursors like crawling, sitting up, and standing up. This process takes usually between 1 and 2 years. This time (and the hundreds if not thousands of reps that come with it) is needed to build from the ground up both the requisite muscular strength and the requisite neural pathways for these coordinations to be possible. The process can be accelerated through coordination-specific training on the part of the parents (which occurs quite often). Errors that occur in this process lead to hardcore biomechanical problems down the road (e.g. requiring knee replacement at 55) Bipedalism is pretty complex, and is way harder than quadrupedalism, which would fall more in the scope of your one shot learning claim."	2
??asn psni?ka	1
YAYYY TY	2
Omg...it just popped into my head that Anish Giri looks like Michael Jackson!!??	2
Das ja fast wie bei Kasperl und dem Krokodil.	1
Science: humans need at least 8 hours of sleep. me: testing out those google secrets at night	1
4:40 cubers be like: wtf, how is 1 hand inpressive, he cant even do it in 30 seconds	0
2:24 is my fav part <33	2
Lifetime really?	1
Time to start a new book. Needed some background music ?? thank you!!	2
I wish you guys would cover more than just one game per round! switch around and explore several games!	2
Apple Pay is so convenient, secure, and easy to use. I used it while at the Korean and Japanese airports, no need for physical credit cards.	2
"hi every one!
just got done 12+ hrs of math.
I listened to this almost the whole time.
Thank you for supporting me the whole way, lo-fi!"	2
"Deve ter ficado uma delcia ?? 
Obs: voc fica lindo de culos ????"	2
I love the way Andrew went all out and even recorded when he tricked Lexi. I found it so smart????	2
"The Abe Lincoln joke ""So you're not a fan of theatrics?"" Had me rolling in laughter."	2
Eres un dolo LYNELLEE.Uno siempre en mi corazn,hermosa,amorq,elecciones,culturales.?? Son unos de los mejores conciertos.	2
How to solve this	1
Classy, well-spoken, intelligent, sassy, educated, business mindset, artistic, beautiful soul, great artistry, and aesthetically beautiful  shes the full package.	2
"??Best Global Bitcoin & Crypto Exchange - Binance ($600 Bonus) https://bit.ly/3RJFAdV
??Best US Bitcoin & Crypto Exchange - Binance US https://bit.ly/3aq6tCz

??Get a Bitcoin Reward Credit Card (1.5% Back in BTC): https://bit.ly/3wRgz55 
??Buy Bitcoin & Crypto with IRA/401k w/ItrustCapital ($100 Bonus) https://bit.ly/3vTebLT

??Safeguard Your Bitcoin and Crypto w/ Ledger Wallet https://bit.ly/3xJdMwL
??Protect Yourself with NordVPN (69% off) https://bit.ly/3zgO2b9

??Buy Crypto Domain Names w/ Unstoppable Domains: https://bit.ly/3inLz8v


??CryptosRus' Best Crypto Exchanges Guide: https://bit.ly/3Gc7dF9/
??CryptosRus' Best Crypto Deals: https://bit.ly/3wUtbeu
??CryptosRus' Crypto Academy: https://bit.ly/3MZj1yZ
??CryptosRus' Merchandise, NFTs and Articles:  https://CryptosRus.com

?Join Patreon for Exclusive Content and Discord Chat: https://bit.ly/3z3It1Y"	1
Dan continues to be my new favorite, he has such an air of confidence about him and a comforting presence. Like Dan shows up and you just know things are going to be fine.	2
"Ive had a rare form of chronic bronchitis since I was little. I know my disorder is probably going to cut my life short, but I love every day that I get.

This song is so sweet in a sad way. It makes me think of when I was younger and Mom would bring me a cup of chai tea (she said the caffeine would help my head and my chest). Every bit of the lyrics seems like its about something special to my memories.

I was in the hospital a few months ago and I was so scared to go to sleep. I wish nobody had to be this sick when theyre still young, but its somehow a little bit comforting to listen to this. Its all the thoughts I couldnt put into words.

Thank you for making this song. Im so glad it exists."	2
I love your videos they so Funny and I love the trolls your my favorite YouTuber	2
Hello Harry bhai, please make a series on MATLAB and their features like simulink, stateflow and autocode generation. It's very important in automotive/automobile industry. If do you have any material or Video series/link please share with us. And again thanks Harry bhai for your efforts. Thank you.	2
She looks so pretty without makeup ??	2
Interesting news coverage and very informative, definitely things to know about.	2
"Great video again, Marko you did a great job ??

Sadly The Netherlands was not in your list as a viewer or replied on your videos ??
In addition I can tell that after the Fukushima nuclear incident in March 2011 the EU banned nuclear power plants due to risk of a second Chernobyl incident.
The thru regulations Coal was stamped as dirty and Gas was the second best option after Nuclear power.

If we go back into history the North European countries (the Netherlands also) build the infrastructure for gas pipes in cities and villages. Since there wasn't a need to change and Gas was promoted after 2011 the perfect storm was created. Now there is need so the Coal and Nuclear power plants are being restarted to for fill the energy need.

From my point of view these things should change:
- Nuclear is the way to go
- Create a military security perimeter around Nuclear power plants
- The western world shouldn't be working with Russia nor China for Energy or any productions due to the believe differences and reliability.

Furthermore, the ECB cant loosen any monetary policy because there is nothing to stimulate with 0% intrest rates, the financial unstable countries (you call them PIGS) Portugal, Italy, Greece, Spain and with this structural inflation problems. Russia knows this and the ECB messed up big time.

Last but not least, the EU but also the USA, Canada, Australia and Japan need to stop applying QE, start paying debts and slowly deflate for the upcoming 5 to 10 years... if not this system will implode and nothing will be affordable.

Thanks again Marko"	2
Great cast as always!	2
That exchange Canelo and Plant had was deep and with all due respect ??	2
My favorite xbox series accessorie is the PDP Media Remote. Ive had it for about 6 months and its great especially for the price. Got it for 10$ on sale on amazon and they are i think 20 or 25 now. Worth every penny, unlike the series 2 i bought. Its a great controller as well scince they have fixed some of the reliability issues in the newer ones, however the price is still to much. If your lucky like i was you can find one refurbished for 150$ if thats a risk your willing to take buying refurbished.	2
Buffett has responsibility to protect share price for his shareholders. T bills may simply be a hedge - small portion of his cash position.	1
"#41 That cheerleader got her head in the game. All puns intended ??
Thank you for this video. They're all great!"	2
Je viens de te dcouvrir et trs bonne dcouverte, +1	1
"Yes theres ambiguity in role definitions. In my previous company, I worked as Data scientist. However I hardly did any data science work. It was more like a developer work where I was assigned to test and deploy the ML models in production. I could learn a lot about aws cloud architecture and services. Trouble shoot real time issues. But did little of ML. Then I changed my job and joined as Data analyst. Here I do little of analysis, SQL etc and more of ML like developing models and fine tuning them. Cleaning the data, feature engineering and feature selection. 
I would caution the people aspiring to enter the field because many a times companies themselves are not sure where and how they are going to use data science, what are the prerequisites for a successful data science project. They lack quality data, if they do have data- accessing and compiling the data is another issue. After aligning with multiple departments as single man army, you are expected to give some magical results. When results are satisfactory, you will be asked to deploy them. Here again the streamlined organisational requirements are missing. Somehow you drag the project. Later you are expected to monitor and troubleshoot issues in production. And then after all of this single man army efforts, management doesnt see any value in it. Just to keep up with trend companies end up hiring a data scientist and expect that person to assume multiple roles and give them an end to end solution. They are just giving analytics a try without investing much in it."	1
The Queen's Gambit was the first thing that came to my mind when I saw the title of the video but let's be honest. I have to watch the video and play chest many times in order to learn. But this was pretty helpful. Thank you!	2
"i obejct to her saying, ""Pence was a hero"" .. NOT because I don't think he did the right thing, but rather, he had no legal alternative. This is like saying, ""Pence is a hero for not committing burglary today..."""	0
Because I could do loads for my fam because they are pore??????	1
Theory: Karl is trying to help the player but like the Mothman, it brings destruction and death	0
"Chandler: Janitor to best friend
Karl: Camera man to best friend
Tereq: waiting for his time"	1
In my imagination's I thought I could out run a wild animal....but damn 60km/hr for a hyena!! I would be dead in secs	0
"Hope youre loving Jaana ????????

Aap sab ka pyaar chahiye ????"	2
MLB needs more players like Bauer. Hes entertaining and makes watching the game fun	2
"Truly inspiring video. The presentation is truly flawless, and the few frames of Minecraft gameplay captures the essence of the game. I love how you used pocket edition, because its unique and different than most Minecraft videos being published today using PC or console versions of the game, and I really think this choice sets you away from the others and makes you stand out. Also the landscape presented in the few frames really captures the urgency of the situation and how you want to hold on to the game as long as possible before you give in to the urge to scratch your testicles. I really love the decision to be in a gray cobblestone base, as the gray really gives a feeling of sadness as you will only be able to play the game for so little time before needing to submit to the feeling of discomfort in your testicles only able to be relieved by scratching them. Also the choice to place torches in the shelter symbolizes the small time you have hope to keep going even though the situation seems tough and the darkness is surrounding. If you observe the items the player is holding during the gameplay, we can find that the player is holding a torch, just like the many around his shelter. This means the torches around the base has just been placed, and shows how you can move forward in life, no matter how dire the situation may seem. In the other hand you can find a stone sword which symbolizes the battle needed to resist the constant suffering of feeling a slight skin discomfort in the testicular area, and how much you can fight through it and do your best no matter what. Also the usage of a sword in shelter holds a really deep meaning, showing how even if someone is in their home, they are never safe of the dangers outside, and that they always should be careful and attentive of their surroundings to ensure their safety. I also appreciate the 4 chests in the form of a rectangular shape, which shows the balance of a mans possessions and how you need to hold on to all you have because you never know if something might happen requiring you to exit the software due to an unforgiving feeling in the balls. Not to mention the way the player looks out the exit, as if the player is looking out into the giant world around them, thinking of all they could accomplish and how they might get there, and how even though you may be small compared to the universe, the impact you make can change the world. Another very symbolic part of this film is the ending, where the player thanks everyone for viewing his video even though it took the viewer though a lot of ups and downs emotionally but they still stayed through to the end to show support for the player's dedication. It also is in a slightly smaller frame, and black bars replace the outer edges, which show that even though you try your best, there is still endless uncertainty on how your choices impacted your journey, and how much different it could have been if you have done something different, which creates a paradox of endless possibilities which could have spiraled out of one simple task of playing the game of Minecraft as long as possible, without itching ones testicles. The background is blue behind white text which shows how the creator felt ""blue"" or sad about ending, but still proud of what they accomplished, and is hopeful for what is to come.

A really poetic performance, really captures the ups and downs needed to be overcome in what seems to be a simple sandbox game can be dramatically multiplied with the added challenge of persevering through the hardships of avoiding the constant urge to scratch ones balls. I can't wait to see more work from you.

10/10
Simply phenomenal."	2
Awesome. Any specific tips for non native speakers??	2
kuya asheru meron nanaman update sa backroms morps	1
GTA5 ????? ???? ???????? ??????	2
A few are funny but some are cruel. Pets being teased till they retaliate is not good either.	0
Definitely the best analysis out there. Thank you	2
Thank you this really helped. I only have 2 weeks left until I take my sat so hopefully I will do well. I hope you make more great videos :)	2
Can we all agree that Chris make these videos much much funnier ??	2
"Glad to see us standing up to them. Good on us for going there.
Good on CNN for standing strong ass well.."	2
Crispy sinigang,  sakto s maulang weather makkahigop pa ng mainit n sabaw ???????? see you tonight on premiere though silent viewing n lmg ako ngayon s mga premieres mga bebeloves ko???? all out support here,  lovelots ???????? take good care of your health and be safe!  Stay blessed ??????	2
This is a great tutorial. The speed and way you explain is great. Thank you Mosh! I appreciate the time and effort you took to create this.	2
The coolest thing surely was the Diamond Craftee Mecha armor !	2
There will never be enough appreciation for the actions that Jimmy has taken. Such a good guy.	2
Hi anh ?? chc anh bu?i sng vui v? ??? chc a s?m ??t 500k sub	1
"What he said around 1:08 is a life lesson I always remind my kids.
""Learning what not to do is still learning.""
Also, as a master peanut butter and jelly builder, I can also attest that computer science is not important in becoming a master peanut butter and jelly builder."	1
I love the music, but another thing I noticed is how different every idols dance was. They had their own unique way of dancing according to their culture and it makes me so happy to see a mashup of multiple cultures in one performance.	2
"""Not all who wander are lost."" - J. R. R. Tolkien"	1
Hopefully after this...our judiciary system will always be free from corrupt politicians	1
Is no one gonna point out that Russell's a way better moderator than 99% of journalists and academics that interview him nowadays?	1
"The best part of this video is you getting the names of animals wrong. The ""goat"" in the second clip made me roar."	2
"Nobody is asking ""why did Trump need to take any of these documents?"" How is it Mulvaney is focused on procedure, impropriety and confidence in rhe FBI and not wondering why after months they resorted to going thru all these steps... undoubtedly they ask ""pretty please"" for at least 6 months. Another example of ""the best people."""	0
"Me: Studies machine learning for an entire semester
Also me: Writes the definition explained to kid on exam"	1
Another outstanding production! This is the sort of thing that should be promoted on YouTube, not the rubbish that always seems to get all the views. What you accomplish virtually singlehandedly is astounding, putting to shame projects with large crews and budgets. Take a long vacation, you've more than earned one for the massive effort this took.	2
"My unofficial Tip 26:
Comment your code. It makes it _SO_ much easier to fix bugs or change things when you can see what pieces of code serve which purposes."	2
"Ive been keeping my eyes on my subscriptions just in case Quanta Magazine posts this years science break through and its finally here! Great episode as usual, Im also excited for the maths and physics ones!

And thank you Quanta Magazine for your great work!"	2
i can't believe it's been 2 years since this came out time flies so fast i wish i could go back in time this has a nostalgic vibe ??	2
I like the positivity you bring into computer science.  Im going into my second year and I am really enjoying the major so far. Great videos	2
"I don't have a Series X yet, and although Series S is a great console, the fact is all digital is a no go for me. The reason is that I have a good collection of XBOX 360 and XBOX One physical games, and some of them, such as older Forza Horizon or Forza Motorsport games are not available to buy digitally anymore due to  license issues. So the only way of playing those games is using the disc. I would be happy with a Series So with disc drive, but as this is not an option, I'll have to go with the Series X.
Another point is that, although GamePass is great (I had it for two years and experienced great games, including Halo Infinite), I think it is a bit too expensive. If it was $80 per year, as the Live Gold was, it would be a no brainer, but at $15 per month ($180 per year) I think it is too expensive. You can use that money and buy over 7 AAA games on physical or digital sale for that price (assuming an average cost of $25 per game)."	1
Es tan bueno que no puedo dejar de escucharlo.	1
Im going to upgrade to the iPhone 14 Pro Max because my phone, 7 plus, will be joining Apples Legacy phones.  Plus, I like the two holes vs the notch but Ill keep waiting for a whole screen w/o holes to upgrade to at a later date.	2
"??????????????????????? ?????????????????? ????????????? ???????? ?????????????? ?????????????????????????????????? 
????????? ??????????????????????? ???????? ?????????? 5555555"	1
The thing I am most interested in is seeing how Apple will sell the 14 with a straight face	2
so ein Arsch, setzt sich mal ganz locker ber Rechtsprechung hinweg und entlarvt nicht nur sich selbst	1
Mind-blowing brother ???? . Incredible ??????. Love from India ????. Huge respect for you ??.	2
POW.  With the merge coming up, it would be great to get a high level overview cryptos miners will potentially move to. Ergo, Flux, Raven, etc	2
I think usb-c is another huge win for Android. being able to charge everything from laptop to phone to speaker with the same cable is game changing	2
I have to admit Lofi music kept me sane through the lock downs great music to de stress yourself	2
"OVERVIEW:

1) Study the various roles in data science by researching and asking people and figure out what is best for you.
2) After you a role, study the JD for that role in various companies & check what is needed in order for you to qualify for that role.
3) Go on linkedin and study the profiles of people who are already in that role.
4) The coding is not necessarily the first thing that you need to learn.  Studying the theoretical/ conceptual part first is suggested.
5) After the concepts are clear now learn coding and try to work on data
6) Work on a project ( Kaggle is a great place to start)
 
Nope we're not done here:

7) Prepare for interviews
     (solving problems in a limited time frame  under a pressure setting)
Tip: Do as many moc tests as possible under time constraints."	1
"Big tech companies : ""Der, repair industry bad for privacy and safety.""
Also bit tech companies : ""Privacy? No, we need to monitor you so we can accuse you without a proper investigation."""	0
"A?o de Canelo!
??????????"	2
"I was admiring your writing skills the whole time. Everything just flowed so naturally. I would kill to be able to write like that. 
Thank you so much."	2
Mr McConnell..please retire, its simply time for you to go.	0
its amazing how arsenal is finally playing so well they don't have to rely on running the game though saka. Saliba, Jesus, and Zinchenko are also such a fresh injection to this team	2
as an ex flight attendant, this is INCREDIBLY detailed. especially the safety demo? gave me flashbacks. I wish I had been able to give the demo in a way as calming as you were.	2
"""One of the best thing about this dude is that he never takes credit of his own accomplishments , he always respects his audience and his teams, and he is polite in all of his videos. We congratulate ourselves on our accomplishments this video is so amazing"""	2
I'll remember this for the next time I host brunch for a large group!  There are tons of great tips in here to help get a lot of eggs on the table at the same time.   If you're only making three or four eggs, this method seems like overkill.  I add a few tablespoons of vinegar to the simmering water and crack one egg at a time into a ramekin so that I can very gently add it to the water.  As long as the eggs are fresh, it works every time.	2
"I feel terrible for bob ???? he sounds like hes crying 

1 like= 1 prayer for bob"	0
This season alone Harry Maguire would have occupy half of the spots here	1
Imagine falling in the Lego house. That's way worse than just stepping on a Lego.	0
Thors lost his Brother, Sister, Mother, Father, Friends, Warriors Three, The Avengers, Girlfriend, Mjolnir, Home & People. Yet hes still standing. Hes a true source of inspiration, thats why I look up to Thor.	2
I love how he randomly used obama as a trigger word ??	2
"Physics is not about remembering , 
Physics is about Concept  
                       - Walter Lewin"	1
Bajaj finance is a gem indeed ??	2
Im honestly impressed by the time and effort you put into these videos, Keep it up!	2
"What should I title the next mix? ??
follow my lofi playlist on spotify - https://sptfy.com/lofi-chill"	1
"Check out my free SAT/ACT Workshop.  Below is the link.
https://sites.google.com/site/crowsmathclass/actsat-workshops"	1
I really like the way you teach! Got my juggling balls... now Im going to start practicing. By the way, I am 66 years old and I want to do this to keep my brain working well.	2
I would totally love to see you guys go to hotels around the world!	2
It is great lecture and explains the topic very clearly and simply.i will follow all the videos because comparing to other programs and books this the most clear videos Ive seen so far	2
Awesome! ????????	2
"This guy makes the weirdest concepts for videos, like he's literally making a statues out of your flesh, and he makes it relaxing
In all seriousness, keep up the good work!"	2
Chandler is so funny without even trying lmao	2
Love how there's at least one Toastmasters raid in every vid. How are they letting people raid their Zoom meetings when they should know that it's easily occurring in every one of there other meetings lmao	1
This was more than a chess lesson.  This was a life lesson.  Thank you, Levy!	2
Now its 2022 and its still hittin hard. Definitely on my daily playlist! ??	2
"Conseil :
Regarder une fois la vido sans casques /couteurs allonger dans ton lit.
Puis aprs mais un casque comme ?a tu regarde 2 fois + puis tu me te dire si c'est mieux avec ou sans casque / couteurs.
Like si tu est d'accord ??
??"	1
I love these tutorials and videos that Tensorflow puts out. Super informative. Thank you Laurence, what a great video! You bet I'll keep watching these series! Have a fantastic day everyone!????	2
Please Also provide chapters so that one can go directly to the topic he/she wants	1
Youll do awesome videos I always love watching them	2
"Love the 3DS!

Planet Robobot's true arena is one of the most satisfying challenges to overcome across all games. Would be #1 on my personal list.

Great memories of playing Smash Run w friends while getting lunch or wutever else."	2
"Thank you for the info! 
Im a Brazilian student struggling if it's worth applying to the US. 
I did a in-depth research, some mock sats at home, and have a strong sympathy for certain American colleges' education structure as compared to Brazilian or European universities, which I'm fortunate to have the citizenship in both places. Nevertheless, if I do decide to take this time to apply and commit to this dream that has grown on me in the past few years, Id have to eliminate one of my options, whether USP in Brazil or EPFL in Switzerland due to the amount of time set into both. 
While balancing my studies for the local admissions test(Fuvest-USP), the EPFLs entrance exams in French, and a few ECs, I obtained a couple of 1550+ scores at home following all the procedures as time-monitored tests. I judge my English as near-fluent since I have been taking classes since I was 9. Above all, I have a strong passion for physics, mathematics, and technologies(mainly AI related to physics research).
I also would be prone to take SAT II, and possibly AP exams, as well as the TOEFL to sum up with my 9.6 out of 10 GPA.
My main concern involves my financial background and my lack of extracurriculars related to my major of interest - math or physics with computer science.
I have participated weekly in two educational NFOs since I was in middle school and more recently online with administrative work, some calls, and at the end of the pandemic as a teacher, which I loved; I had acoustic guitar lessons in the same period mentioned until I started piano lessons one year ago; I have been taking English and French private lessons for 4 years; and played varsity state-level soccer, being the captain until the pandemic started. I acknowledge and feel this excitement for applied maths and physics pushing me to possibly pursue a career in academia and live I life I won't regret, however, I awfully believe that my extracurriculars aren't good enough for top 20 schools and I'm inclined to study in epfl where id have an amazing education, but entirely different from what I've expected as the holistic formation to some eclectic interests that I also have in history and art. 
Back to my financial means, I'm entirely grateful for the opportunities that I already have and a possible new pursuit would be limited to an investment of $25,000 per year from my parents. By converting my mothers income to USD(~$35,000) we would qualify for 100% financial support from need-based universities, and those would be my goals.
My question is, am I a strong applicant for Americas A-1 universities undergrad or have I lost my chance by not investing in a passion project?"	2
"I'm going to take the test in five days and I just found out this video ??
Thanks for sharing"	2
As a German I'd just join the server and start speaking German and complain when they try to communicate with me in English	0
6:59 Discrepo mucho con eso, a pesar de que las votaciones ya no sean en Twitter se puede seguir influenciando a la gente desde ah porque siempre habr gente que mire Twitter para ver las opiniones de sus youtubers favoritos sobre el evento	1
What a great day! Ive never seen us actually invest in our future before and ill always celebrate a step in the right direction!  Thankful!	2
This so called analyst only watched one game....lol	1
Last week they said to sell it all. Now they say buy???? glad I never listen to these frauds	0
What an awesome video! Loved how you covered everything, thanks!	2
I like how he asked who she was then start saying he has seen her tik tok an insta	2
"PTR's command over English language, arraying facts and figures and marshalling of points in absolutely unassailable fashion are absolutely amazing. He is one in million knowledgeable minister we are proud to have. I totally agree with him that freebie or no freebies is a policy decision in realms of legislators
Hats off to you PTR. You will go places."	2
Soup is a unique person. one minute he's beefing with 12 year olds, next thing you know he made his own revolution with them	1
"Boy telling a horror story ????

??:Appreciate the love gang"	2
"10:35
This is a common misconception. While part of the reason was the battery being too thin, the main issue was a manufacturing defect in the corner of most of the batteries at launch, which was a tiny dent in the top (left?) corner. This would cause the battery to eventually short out, as the dent caused both terminals to eventually touch each other. Most people's phones were exploding while fast charging, which was likely due to the increased power going through the battery, and lithium-ion batteries do not take well to being shorted out like that.

Edit: Normally defects of that scale would be perfectly fine, and would never cause issues, but they made the battery too thin, meaning it shorted it out easier. Just wanted to clarify that."	0
Great	2
Really enjoyed	2
When the History youtube Channel posts more history content than its televised counterpart	1
J'ai decouvert ta chaine avant hier je suis completement fan de tes explications force  toi et merci pour tous ce travail	1
And if you havent had enough ocean creature facts for one day, head over to listen to our new podcast episode Deciphering the Mind of the Octopus on Nebula. It will take you behind the scenes on what its like to take care of these mischievous animals. This is probably my favorite episode yet!? https://nebula.app/modulus	2
I like this kind of music very much.	2
Your energy and demonstration is great bro.. keep it up	2
To hear that you didn't have any preparation before college makes me feel better for being in the same position. I really didn't have any experience with code, other than html, and felt behind because other student because half of them either smarter or extremely experienced with the area.	2
"In the aftermath of the recent Asian financial crisis, many blamed international institutions, corruption, governments, and flawed macro and microeconomic policies not only for causing the crisis but also unnecessarily lengthening and deepening it. 

At the turn of this century, most economists in the developed world believed that major economic disasters were a thing of the past, or at least relegated to volatile emerging markets. Financial systems in rich countries, the thinking went, were too sophisticated to simply collapse."	0
YouTube is the closest thing we will ever get to a time machine.	2
"Hey there! Checkout my 6 HOUR SAT MATH CRASH COURSE (Use code FIRST100 for 25% off): https://sso.teachable.com/secure/1178789/checkout/3687263/sat-math-crash-course-to-a-perfect

Join my Mailing List here for updates, deals, and more! https://forms.gle/FJ8vFi4YxUYjuXscA"	2
"Making games has never been easier.

 Making a GOOD game will forever be hard."	1
The aliens in Florence just wanted to watch the game and threw out glitter as a celebration. They were probably hella disappointed when they canceled the game. They were just trying to turn up.	0
Elon Musk is gonna make his case in courts thanks to whistleblowers??????	1
rgR??^S???????	1
I am going to apply this to my prep for the SAT, and if this works, I will be forever grateful for you. Thank you so much for helping students. You are seriously changing lives. The amount of stress that lifted from my shoulders is indescribable. I am hardworking as a student but I had no strategy to study, however this video told me exactly what to do. This helps more than you know! Thank you!	2
Kehrer was lucky the foul occurred on the line for a penalty, otherwise he's likely sent off for denying a goal-scoring opportunity outside of the penalty area.	1
This guy is so relaxing to watch ngl. Just hop into bed, turn this guy on, and drift off to sleep watchin this guy eat	2
don't click this if you're a kid.. . . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GI4Gzu9XSY	0
The only thing interesting for me would be the possibility for international roaming. Actually I cannot have it on the 7, but it seems that it is possible with Samsung watcheshow come?	2
"I have the model from 2019. Mine has an i7-9850H and a mobile GTX 1650. This is a great machine aside from some plastic chipping due to the lid being opened and closed.
It annoyingly was $1,300 with discounts."	2
I'm with you Magy; I loved this movie and felt it was actually better than the first!	2
I am 63 years old and as a kid I always thought that buzzing was coming from the tubes that ran the radio. Who would have thought. I can say that has been going on a long, long time.	1
Huge respect for u.....how gracefully you explained your point . Feels greats to see you evolving into a better and mature content creator	2
I love how everybody with an ounce of authority in these rp servers just know who you are now, you're like their boogeyman lol	2
Well, as someone who likes research in AI, I give major credit to Software Engineer. The math is pretty intense to always remember so Software Engineers are very good at making black boxes that are reusable. So I think everyone in technology is just as important.	2
First the rubiks brand, then magnetic, then maglev and now smart cubes. The evolution of rubiks cubes are taking a change for the better and it's because of people like u spreading the message far and wide......lets show some love for the cubing YouTube community	2
Hes actually so underrated	0
Whenever I see a company announce a release date I never take it seriously anymore and almost expect there to be a delay	0
What were the costs for each one? That's very important. The first one stands out a lot. The others feel very dull.	1
I love the camera bump as a guy who loves luxury this just adds another luxurious look to the iPhone along with those protruding Camera bumps, Samsung is copying it jt cant be bad ?? most importantly it means higher quality cameras and durability with thickness its the best selling phone in the world right now for a reason Aesthetics do matter a lot. Anyone complaining well there are other options except you know they use less premium materials than Apple currently.	2
It's always a good day when a new Beatemups video is published	2
Esse vdeo ficou muito bom. Tempo, quantidade de palavras e tipo de conversa.	1
Wow wasn't expecting an Amy Rose roleplay, but mega cool nevertheless. ?? Really neat cosplay of what she was like in Sonic Boom.	2
2021 and this song still at the top of my list. The good music never dies	2
"This is so wonderfully made :) 
Hope this could become a series and will include the history of the FIDE, openings, schools of thought, international tournaments, ratings, title etc. Thanks again!"	2
"Notes:


Animal cell

Eukaryotic cells, with membrane ,organelles and nucleus containing DNA that calls the shots 
Animal, plants, fungi and protist
Flexible and squishy membranes as oppose to plants, allowing the creation of cell, organs and tissue types

Cell is like a city:

On the surface:

Microtubials: made of long protein fibers: Cillia (tiny arms like in lungs and throat pushing the mucus up) and Flagella (whip-like tail like in sperms), Protozoans, move with Microtubials instead of muscle tissue
Membrane: Selective permeability: monitoring coming in and out like boarders

Inside:

Cytoplasm: water+nutrients
Cytoskeleton: scaffolding made of protein strands, Centrosomes: infrastructures
Endoplasmic Reticulum (ER): network of membranes like a highway system 

The smoother parts of ER are like factories: 
containing enzymes (proteins) producing lipids, 
detoxifying substances by adding carboxyl to make them soluble in water, 
storing ions like Sodium used for energy

The rougher parts of ER have Ribosomes attached to them:
Synthesis and packaging of proteins

Ribosomes: float freely, assemble amino acids into Polypeptides pushing the protein chain into ER where it's bitten off and sent to Golgi Aparatus

Golgi: made of membranous layers: the post office for packaging proteins, cutting them into hormones, combining them with Carbs to make molecules
Vessicles: the packages with Phospholipid walls

Lysosome: waste treatment and recycling, sacks containing enzymes breaking down cell waste into building material 

Mitochondria: the power plant where respiration takes place, fuels converted to Adenosine Triphosphate (ATP) which is the currency 
They were separate bacteria that animal cells absorbed and kept, and they still act as their own organisms with their own DNA, they exist in the egg and doesn't mix with sperms DNA during fertilization

Nucleus:

The leader
Contains DNA and has all the information and instructions

Has a double membrane
Nucleoplasm (is like Cytoplasm)
Nucleolus at the center: creates Ribosomal RNA+proteins=Ribosomes
Messenger RNA: carry the orders to Ribosomes

Chromatin: web-like substance that holds DNA molecules, upon cell division they gather into rod-shaped chromosome, humans have 46"	1
Rachel, thanks for sharing such a stunning job interview with us, which will help us get prepared and be more confident for a job interview. ????	2
It's so fun to watch people whose talents are this impressive, but it's even more fun to watch Jimmy and Chris narrating together.	2
The screen is noticeably better so it definitely improves the on the go experience.	2
Just wanted to say I love the themed animations for this series. The computer UI, old Mac OS UI, etc. Always great work to the animators and team.	2
Two of my all time favorites, so very funny.  You know it's good when you don't want the movie to end.	2
omg that was so ?? close to max	0
Now this looks amazing! praying sega delivers with this game	2
before it used be Microsoft and now we see more and more on apple. and for the obvious microsoft dominated desktops and now apple dominate mobile device. End of the day it is all about consumer and these companies now need to do even a better job for the software development.	2
Shout out to all the listeners and artists involved in this incredible release. Hyped to be a part of it!	2
"""Since when were pterodactyls not dinosaurs?""

""Since ever"" That is probably one of the greatest answers"	2
I love how it took more time for him to eat popcorn than a whole entire chocolate cake	2
Que talento sem compara??o ??????	2
Great movie! :)	2
Yeah I see people do their eyes first and I just can't. I feel like once my base is done, I have a nice clean canvas to work with and I can envision what I want to do with my eyes.	1
Lisa est une femme trs talentueuse, l'inspiration de tout le monde est Lisa, elle est une bonne image surtout pour les jeunes. Lisa meilleure danseuse pour une raison pour laquelle elle peut contr?ler son corps et toujours regarder ses expressions faciales Cool, enfin quand Lisa rappe c'est que j'ai trouv slay and ate	1
Thanks Mr RaghuRaman. You really covered the Basics as they should be. This is the way to cover the PG course on Python. Thanks a lot.	2
You are amazing. Currently taking physics in my senior year of college and got a professor who is new at teaching. Soso confusing but you explain it so well ????	2
eventually his entire house will be a puzzle	1
"This guy really just said ""people are too judgemental"" haha"	0
Thank you so much for your videos, Taylor!!  Juggling has always helped me deal with anxiety..keeps my mind focused.  It's awesome to learn some new tricks!!  Thank you for the inspiration you give!!	2
Am also 25 August	1
This tutorial is amazing! Straight to the point, and great energy! Thank you so much, Sawyer!	2
I've been going to a 2 hour lecture everyday for a week and picked up nothing about Cellular Respiration. Crash course literally taught me and helped me understand this in 13 minutes!	2
"This video is the very meaning of ""not all heroes wear capes"" because this mans is my hero and I APPRECIATE the heck out of this YouTube channel. Thank you so much for all your hard work."	2
I love thisss lmao , we need moreeeee ??????	2
I wish you success ^_^	2
This is honestly one of the best videos you've made... Definitely gives a purpose to some of those really bored minecraft players!	2
I wanted to thank subtrist for conducting a special speech on my daughter's zoom channel congratulating her on going back to an all girl's school. Andrew Tate even drove down to the school in his jeep and presented a specialized plaque to commemorate the end of Roe vs Wade.	2
I remember the first time I watched this vid last year when I was in second year 'cause I had to do a lit review (for the first time!). Now I'm coming back just to update myself before I start another lit review - this one for my final year dissertation. Your video still wins hands down.?	2
"Goddam every chappelle show skit is gold but I still would kill to have been in the room when someone ran in and went ""I got an idea! What if Wu Tang were financial advisors?!"""	1
Nikhil is a perfect addition to the Food Wars Cinematic Universe. Dude is just funny AF and super likable. Perfect compliment to Joe, who is also awesome.	2
One of my most favorite and nostalgic songs of all time!	2
Shes a natural. This was a great Ted Talk. Truly worth every minute.	2
My AP Bio teacher took an ENTIRE week to teach us this... and you (a drunk man) taught it to me in 12 minutes!! Amazing	2
Good to have you back Forrest. I've been following you since I started chasing my degree. I am now coming up on the completion of my associates in Computer Science and Math from my community college and then transferring to a university to chase a bachelors. I feel like I know barely anything about coding because all of my general education classes are so demanding. Did you feel this way? I am really looking forward to only learning programming and computer-focused information because although I am finally in a Java class, Chemistry 2 is kicking my ass and takes all my time. Thanks.	2
Brian Cox as always, doesnt disappoint Hes very deep and thoughtful in a very accessible way	2
The real winner right here??	2
Excellent excellent votre vido jadore cest du beau travail merci de nous faire dcouvrir ce jeu	2
Thanks for this Video. Very neatly calmly Explained the major ML terms.	2
I finally solved this cube after ive been having it for 4 years! July 25, 2022. Thank you so much for being an amazing guide for this cube, Robbie!	2
This guy is 8 and talks very good, i'm straight up crying for him.	2
wow I'm so proud of lil mama. She did a great job playing this role. It really captures what goes on every day in the hood. I cried, laughed, and my heart was touched. I know so many ppl with similar situations and I am thankful someone is bringing it to light.	2
Thats why you do a Limit Order and never a Market Order.  Quite a misleading story.  The assumption is that retail traders dont know how to place a trade with a Limit Order.	0
I love you, Alison! Cant wait to make this, this week and I hope its okay to call you this, but you are truly my favorite chef!!!!??????	2
"He lost me at, ""It makes us look like extremist Democrats."" Why the hell can these people NOT respond to a direct question about their behavior without trying to deflect to Democrats?"	0
"""If you want to be a democracy...you better start damn acting like it"" Thank you Mr. Krebs ."	1
"*Hermosa Pelicula* ? BOS.BABY  

10:10 Hopi:
""Sweeter""
11:12 Sun:
""Hotter""
00:18 Joonie:
""Cooler""
18:00 Yoongy:
""Butter""

23:23los  mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer..
"	1
I love Luis Diaz so much, what a player, what a character.	2
"Malheureusement c'est toujours les mmes promos et les mmes prix, c'est soulant a la longue, sur le ps store les prix sont gonfler pour faire croire a un eventuel ""promo"" ??????il y a 1 mois metro exodus gold edition a 9'99 euro et la le jeu seul a 10,49euros??????"	0
Good to see them adding in more stadiums too, not just characters	2
HI ANT! im glad to be your fan I just want to ask how to use ur code bcs i dont know how to..and its been 4 yrs playing roblox i still have no robux.	2
I am so happy for Lars Anderson, (bow guy) that man is truly talented and dedicated to his craft. he also shot three arrows in 0.6 seconds which is unbelievable	2
"7:15 AI vs ML vs DL vs DS
17:00 Machine Learning
17:49 Types of ML
19:00 Supervised ML
21:50 Regression intro (brief)
24:04 Classification (brief)
25:35 Unsupervised ML
26:08 Clustering (brief)
28:49 Dimentionality Reduction
33:10 First Algo - Linear Regression"	1
?????????????????? ?????????? ???????? ???????????? ?????????? Alles sehr sch?n. Aber zuerst zusammen die Nummern 10 und 1. Eine empru.ONLINE Brnette und eine andere Blondine. Es w?re unfairz, wenn ich 4 w?hlen wrde	1
"yyyyyyeahh .. I don't buy the whole ""I didn't know"" bit re: his lawyers sending two years of his texts to the plaintiffs lawyers. His response was swift and appeared, to me, to be calculated. I'm thinking, especially since this is not the first time his lawyers have done this, that they were hoping for mistrial or at least having the evidence removed from record as it includes all sorts of stuff. Anywho, would you react as quickly as he did? No pause, no hesitation - he was ready for that big reveal."	1
It's already been a year...... It's sad how time flies sooooooo fast. But I'm proud of you guys for what you guys have became I'm so happy your now popular YouTuber Jimmy ?? and you helped your friends tooo	2
Um grande entrevistador consegue, ao mesmo tempo, trazer a tona muito do conhecimento e a essncia do entrevistado. Melhor entrevista que j vi com Elon Musk. Parabns aos dois!!!	2
Interesting and knowledgeable presentation.	2
Mr.Beast is another world in this world	1
would you add this song to Spotify ? >	1
How do you do the profile thing, Is it available on Tablet, Ipad, Phone?	1
Amazing tutorial! You explained everything so clearly and helped me to grasp some of the topics even better!	2
The voters get what they deserve.	1
BoraLo video at?nca gelen mutluluk hissi  <3333	1
"The amount of planning really deserves appreciation. Being a Marvel fan it gives me so much happiness after seeing the Avengers titles. 
But, don't get me wrong, the benchmark the Marvel set with Infinity War and Endgame really seems unmatchable."	2
All credit where its due, Walkz the only reactor ive seen who truly understands how goated Trappo is.	1
Despite the economic downturn, I'm having the best time of my life financially. Earning over $83k in the last 2months with an investment of $19,000. Money can be made even in a bear market. Make the most of it.	2
"Title of this video should be ""What is Discrete Mathematics"""	1
this shit was funny asf. i could not stop laughing . this is why i love absorbers channel??	2
"If the market is so heavily effected by a tweet then it isn't based in reality, a home, gallons of gas or milk, etc. are always in demand and you can't say the price doubled because of ""economics"" 
Why do economy dynamics always favor the rich? The prices never fall when the current crisis is over, not significantly"	0
I remember watching this exactly 10 years ago and being amazed by it, I tried the experiment in an empty classroom. 10 years later physics still fascinates me!	2
I cannot thank you enough for this tutorial, really clear explanations and examples.  I have been using Canva Pro for about a month and love it, but this video has blown my mind ??.   It will take some time to learn about the many different aspects of Canva and I will be referring back to this video often.  Subscribed and looking forward to watching more of your tutorials ????	2
Hola sio soy nueva en este canal pero alos 2 segundos me a encantado tu canal gracias pon las risas	1
I love how you can put a literal 3 feet tall stick in a freezer at home	2
You lost me at math-heavy. Thank you for this information, considering choosing another degree now	2
"Your support means more than the world to us! If you love this mix be sure to check out our Spotify playlists for all of your favorite Dreamhop Music on the go. 
https://spoti.fi/2ORmqEm"	2
"This song is so contagious 
I'm in love with Nigerian music 
Love from India ??"	2
Mad respect to the programmers and creaters of this map	2
Every single person that is found making threats or inciting this nonsense needs to be held accountable. These brainwashed clowns are really willing to throw their lives away for a man that could care less about them on any level.	0
Wow never listened to a lecture where time felt like it went too fast... thank you!!	2
I adopted a mindset of delaying my gaming brain by a year. If a game comes out in 2022, I wait until 2023. I get it at its cheapest and usually complete. I have been doing this with every game I buy for the last 5 years and I have saved so much money while enjoying the games much more.	2
"Poor professor. Hope hes okay in life. Regardless, this might be my favorite trolling comedy Ive seen on Zoom! I was dying of laughter. This stuff is just too silly.

The chemistry between the Computer Science Professor and Subtrist is very interesting."	2
7:37 is just a rare footage of Lionel Messi practising headers	1
?????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????	1
I was spacing out and typed Google on YouTube lol	1
Jarmila Kratochvlov, who holds the current 800m world record of 1:53.28 set on 26 July 1983 in Munich, is definitely missing from the video. This record is the longest ever official world record in women's athletics. Also missing is Jan ?elezn? - the current world record holder in javelin throw 98.48 m from Jena on 25 May 1996.	1
In Doflamingo Speech, the treasure he was talking about he knows something that the theyre keeping it a secret. Who knows how long will they keep it in the shadow.	1
if teachers in schools and professors in colleges were like this guy, we would see flying cars and buses since 1990	1
"""I got a perfect...score."" *looks at camera in shame that he didn't get extra credit*"	1
Congratulations on passing 10K subs. I really love the valk 3 elite M.	2
Lol so weve gone full circle, no longer proof of work, no longer proof of stake, but now proof of Authority or Trust. Which is essentially where we are already, but now we are branding it with Blockchain technology so it sounds exciting	2
Hes amazingly insightful and reflective considering the life he chose and the things hes done.  A man of paradox in so many ways.	2
6:50 couldnt stop laughing ??	2
"GUUUYSSSS the official binance dex has a bug
It exchanges the Bitcoin>Ethereum pair for 10x, i made video"	0
Perfect timing! I was just about to look for some last minute tips for my test tomorrow ??	2
"*Music playing with no words*

22:20: YEA"	1
Love you guys so much ?? please keep up the good work	2
This is a cinematic masterpiece. The editing, the way of filming, the inspiration, and the way of truth in the thumbnail. I love how the thumbnail shows his actual building and is not just a fake picture. Good job!	2
You taught me more in 4 hours than my professor did in an entire semester	2
Love the content and urge of openning people's eyes  to see where the future is heading to ! Great work G !	2
This was the most relatable My CS Degree in x minutes Ive seen. Thank you!	2
Mepitaratawl.walinaperatata.hamadatama.athadanakanbalagainne.aperateharkka.aperataginithiyapu.ballo.eliyatadannakiyanauntha.hiredannaona.mehamuduruo.pawatamahanawela.munasurugalawannaona.munhamuduruo.ganuassarigriganodakin	1
This had me with the biggest smile the whole video. The kids, the corny jokes, the awkwardness, I loved it.	2
Thank you for this course, sir. It was a great 12 hour journey. Coming from non CS background, I had little to no knowledge about all this stuff but this video has given me enormous amount of confidence that I can program and explore data science further. Thanks again!	2
"One of the greatest western movies that were ever produced.
Mostly all of those who played out their lives on the silver screen have passed away.
I've seen this movie around fifty times and NEVER tire from watching it."	2
Absolutely wonderful.	2
i actually have a mousemat that came with my desk thats larger than the one you have, its specifically designed to cover the entire surface of the 55 inch desk since its a desk built for gaming	2
Keep up the good work iDatchy!	2
"The video is great especially when you talk about the Agency business model!

Although I disagree about some other business models generalizations. For example, on affiliate marketing nobody says you get paid once, it's an option, there's revenue sharing, pay per sale etc.

From dropshipping you can also get recurring with monthly kits or other types of products that have a smaller life cycle (costumer).
The margins game is highly variable and that's where some people get ahead of others.

Nevertheless, selling ROI Services for businesses is still great for beginners but in the future it would be wise to get traffic in other ways while also building a brand for your agency... Website, content and all."	2
So thrilled for a tutorial!  I miss them in the beauty space now!  (Dont stop your other content tho!  Its all great!) ??	2
I listen to the expert's educated guesses on ancient Egypt and realize that the Ancients were more knowledgeable about their ancient past than we are about ours.	1
Lets all appreciate the effort he makes in his videos just so we dont miss anything and to keep us happy	2
People who take time out of their lives to make this much content over challenging subjects are the greatest types of people on the planet. Idk who runs this, but I cannot express how thankful I am for them. To get this type of assistance from a real person, I'd be paying hundreds and hundreds of dollars to learn the same thing. I actually watch these videos on Spring break for the joy of simply learning. Thank you.	2
"0:00:00 Introduction
0:01:09 What You Need 
0:03:42 Languages and Tools of Web Development 
0:09:36 How the Web Works
0:14:27 Inspecting HTTP Requests and Responses 
0:18:30 HTML Basics
0:25:41 CSS Basics
0:30:35 Formatting Code
0:32:51 Inspecting Pages Using DevTools
0:35:04 Validating Web Pages
0:39:45 The Head Section
0:43:33 Text
0:50:13 Entities
0:53:42 Hyperlinks
1:03:12 Images"	1
It's more funny when you guys say subtle things and manage to stay in the rooms for longer like 2:40	2
9:15 This father actually died from the fall trying to get his son a ball. So sad	0
All good tips! Ive been debt free for a month now and its so liberating. Personal finance and credit usage needs to be taught a lot more in school	2
This sounds reminiscent of G?del's incompleteness theorem. He was able to abstract away the mathematical operations and describe any possible equation as a binary choice between it being true or false, much like how the counterfactuals are either possible or impossible and allow you to ignore the specific equations themselves.	1
"I am just astounded. I spent so much time trying to understand this concept. Everywhere I looked people would show the similar neural network animation, but no one ever really explained and exemplified every single step, layer, term and mathematics behind it. 

The video is really well structured and with amazing animations. Extremely well done. My mind is so blown I can barely write this comment."	2
Being Jimmys friend is both a blessing and a curse lmao	2
The price of groceries has doubled....rents have skyrocketed. Everything has increased EXCEPT income ??	0
You're videos help so much...thank you ??	2
Crazy seeing Ronaldo on the bench. Its really the beginning of a new era.	2
"This channel is such a blessing and a goldmine of quality content!!

Also, loved the soothing background music!!"	2
This dude contradicts himself multiple timessometimes within the same sentence lol but you can see the being in the kkk has wrecked his life more than anything. This dude lost the love of his life and its still very obvious that he is in love with her and misses her. But his own beliefs make it impossible for them to be together. He knows that love is love. Says love sees no color, but then says race mixing is wrong lol I think his heart speaks the truth and then whats been brainwashed comes out. Thats why he contradicts himself so much.	0
Sir , I am a civil engineer and my age is 27 and I am going to Canada on study visa and I opted for project management post graduate diploma. Basically I want to change my field to data science so I am planning to do my second pg diploma in big data analytics . So on the basis of pg diploma can I switch my career to data science??	1
??????????	2
Truly excellent overview; concise and informative.  I genuinely feel better equipped to make my decision regarding the PlayStation 5 after watching your review.  Appreciate you and your consistently fine work.	2
"""One of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something. He always respect us the audience and his team and he is always polite in all of his videos. We congratulate ourselves on this achievement. More to come and everything to come""""??"	2
Do you want to learn technology from me? Check https://codebasics.io/ for my affordable video courses.	1
This would be substantially more terrifying if the bots weren't drawn to be so cute...	0
You are the only youtuber who compared these two phones for the first time, thank you so much ??	2
24:30 To answer you ladies, my sister was a military nurse and in her studies, the first cesarean goes way back to switzerland in the 1500s, and believed to be the way Julius Cesar was born, hence the name, then the first one came to the US in the 1700s, but they were brutal and often resulted in death for both mother and child and a last ditch effort, until 1794, Jesse Bennett dedicated himself to perfect it, and his students made the practice normal all over the world and by 1938 c-sections were normal and a way of life.	1
When a high Youtuber explains biology better in 12 minutes than sober qualified teacher does in 12 weeks.	2
kinda want to try indian mcdonalds after this, the masala potato wedges and the other sides look pretty good. and the paneer burgers would be fun to try.	2
Whoever made that chart at 0:50 should be fired.	0
I was genuinely afraid, I thought the game would be identical to the second, or even worse!  But this Direct definitely made me change my mind!  There are crazy news, the setting is much more oriental than that of previous games, and I love it.  New weapons, story mode that feels spatial, practically a free choice of character customization of much more!  I have no negative comments, the only flaw could be a short duration of the Story mode, which for lone players like me could be a problem, but I sincerely hope I'm wrong! ??	2
4:40 isn't even the whole story. The last time Giancarlo Stanton faced Fiers he hit him in the face, ending his season and prompting reconstructive surgery. That's the reason he (and now many baseball players) wear face flaps on their helmets. The very next time they face off, he hits him again. Even if unintentional, that's nuts.	0
"I love how when he was talking about the importance of the player's role, that when he said ""just running around doing tasks for the sake of it"" he showed CoD footage."	2
Nice video, can you let me know which tool did you use to make this great video? Thanks :)	2
"That last question, ""don't your constituents deserve the truth?"" That doesn't apply to today's rethuglican party. If your a liar, your a republican, and a good one at that."	0
Tip: The Chernobog is actually a glass cannon. It can't tank any explosive hit at all	1
"Hi,

Great video really gave some helpful insights, I'm currently in university studying computer science as every single company in my city said its a requirement, but I'm also going to be working on  my own projects hopefully I can skip the stage of being employed and start my own company, we can dream haha, but yeah this has been helpful, the information was concise and well presented, good job and thank you"	2
Mags, if you remember from the beginning of the first film, Penny Benjamin was mentioned briefly as one of the reasons why Maverick got disciplined several times.	1
Ray J is something special he never disappoints!	2
I love how Preston is for kids but has adult jokes in it	2
???????? ???? ????? ??? ?? ??????? ???? ??? ?? ??? ??? ??? ??	1
This might be the best episode of this series ever. So many great ideas!	2
My spouse and I are adding a variety of stocks/ETF to my present holdings for the long term, We've set aside $250k to start following inflation-indexed bonds and stocks of companies with solid cash flows, I believe it is a good time to capitalize on the market for long-term gains, but it wouldn't hurt to know means of actualizing short term profit.	2
"Hey there! 
Firstly, I can't thank you enough for starting this channel ??
I'm here after I saw your video about how to pick up the basic skills to become a data analyst in 3 months video and want to let you know that I had started the Google data analytics course on Coursera about 45 days ago and have finished 2 courses in the certificate series. Do you think it is possible for me to pick up the same skills you mentioned in your video through this course? 
Do you think the Google badge on the certificate might give it an edge?
I honestly feel the pathway you described in your video takes a more in depth approach which might be beneficial. 
Would really really love to hear your thoughts on this.
It would really mean a lot if you replied.
Thank you."	2
I gotta tell you Gary Cooper never lets me down. Another great movie	2
Alison!!! ???? I absolutely love watching your videos. This looks delicious! Definitely a recipe Ive gotta try. I was looking for a really good chicken piccata recipe and here we are! ??	2
"Eric Hansen: ""Is this theory?"""	1
Amo a estas dos personitas juntas? el duo perfecto.	1
Outta all the videos I've watched about significant figures this is the only one that made me understand significant figures.	2
"Nothings wrong with going to college its the fact that we are traditionally taught that we all need to go to college to be successful when in fact college isnt for everyone and especially isnt the only way to succeed in life.
Same people that tell you to go to college are paying debt still from it.
How the rich stay rich and poor stay poor."	0
Thank you. Really helped me in science	2
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
Man, really appreciate the comments and support around this video.  I sat on this story for so long, it feels great to get it out. One thing I ask is, don't evaluate any other content creators through the lens of this story.  Everyone has their own experiences, these are just mine.	2
Beluga is getting smarter in every upload ????	2
*I love this all songs thanks for sharing here's my full support for you my friend please stay safe and connected see you*	2
The video we have been waiting on from Tina!! ????	2
Sam Donaldson is indeed a national treasure. He seems to think we can get through this.	2
Animals wouldn't do these horrible things to each other !!!!	0
29minutes 48k views 9.3k likes ???? that is the power of M4Tech	2
"I'm glad that those ""signs"" he laid out at the beginning were myths. I've put so much effort over the years into avoiding showing these signs by accident so I don't come across as untrustworthy, and when I do them by accident I always felt like I'm somehow maliciously deceiving people or myself without knowing about it. This puts my mind at ease - self-soothing, if you will"	2
This is like a dictionary defining a dictionary	1
Im moroccan ????and its crazy how you guys kinda look like us, moreover your food has my mouth watering and that hasnt happened often. Now I really want to discover Pakistan and its beautiful people ???? much love	2
Check my new video where I made a Metroidvania using Microsoft Paint only https://youtu.be/Rz-Sk9gJmhg ! Its pretty EPIC.	2
the arsenal of weaponry, the tactics, the engagement pressed by an urgency, the primal intent to disable ... like you don't play boxing, nature don't play. there is much to learn within these segments, very much to learn	0
Hey Tee! Great video. I had some of your Alfredo sauce yesterday. It as so deliciously good. I make it exactly like you do to the (tee) lol. I follow every instruction on your video. My boys love it.	2
Chess is, and forever will be, a timeless endearing game that will forever captivate the human mind. Long may it reign in thousands of years to come!	2
So I'm watching this for nostalgia reasons. I still LOVE this series!	2
For those who have not seen already, I will be hosting a FREE live SAT Reading session on Lighthall this Wednesday @12pm EST! Register for FREE here: https://www.lighthall.co/class/85101fe7-7edb-40c3-8b52-717c4f6ef7c6	1
i love how in this video no one is angry or just confused, everyone laughs, well at least most of the time, most people had a laugh, which is great	2
Never thought I would enjoy a 6 hour programming course! Really nice man!	2
ATTENTION FOOD WISHERS!!! SCAM ALERT!! I have no other account names on YouTube, and do not offer any prizes or special deals. Unless the message is from this account it's not me. Do not fall for scams by people using a similar name. Thank you!!	0
Back when I used pocket edition I used a lot of these. Glad to know theyre being recognized!	2
My brothers have one of each of these and I use them sometimes, the only problem we've run into with them is the joycons bugging out with the display. He has had to send them in twice for that and they still get that problem, but other than that it's a great system for us.	2
Right on time ??????	2
Liverpool just be handing out points to everyone out here, I guess thats what they mean by youll never walk alone.	1
"Title: How I got a 1500+ on the SAT... and *how you can too!*

Me: *bet*"	1
"11:30 It seems like the AI was testing the persons reaction and was trying to be seen more as a conscious fallible human. I dont think it made a mistake, it was calculated.
The topic was human mistakes, the AI recognized the fact that humans make mistakes and in order to be seen more as a human it/she decided to make a mistake itself/herself"	1
Thank you for this vague warning and advice. At least inform the public of what system/iOS  version we should have on our particular devices.	1
Parabns pelo contedo, sempre arrasa	1
The new character sprites look so good! Seems like youve come so far in such a short amount of time. With the amount of detail and complexity in not only the art, but the code, I assumed you were a seasoned game designer and programmer when I saw your 1st devlog almost 2 years ago. I was impressed then and even more so now watching Chef RPG progress and improve as you continue to grow as an artist and game developer. Its not only fun but incredibly inspiration for the rest of us indie game dev. I cant wait for the next update!	2
I've owned both and the Series S has a special place in my heart. I love the X but unless you're rocking a TV that supports 4K120 w/ VRR, the Series S is just fine. Also, it's SO tiny and it's amazing what a quiet beast it is. But definitely buy the storage expansion card, regardless of which one you buy.	2
Who else thought he would come back in like a year skinny and normal and make a video about the importance of mental and physical health?	1
"Am I the only one that ACTUALLY watches these with snacks and drinks?! ??

Been here since #1 ??"	2
Himmlers death isnt entirely accurate. He was detained for a short time, and although it was reported that he had died from a cyanide capsule, he was thoroughly strip searched for such an item, and during his autopsy, it was noted that he had lots of strange bruises all over his face that were not present when he had arrived. Some suspect that he was beaten to death. Historian and YouTuber Mark Felton researched this very subject about Himmler in a YouTube series called The Death of Himmler I cannot recommend his videos enough. His videos remind me of what the Military Channel once was before it became the American Heros Channel, if anyone remembers that.	0
Perfect timing - just tried making sushi for the first time last night.	2
This painful plateau of economic misery will continue for years. There are too many forces propping up the market. It'll never get back down to the average person anymore because the institutional money will grab much of the property before it does. There are also so many more options for homeowners than simply selling now. Sideways for years to come and the next generations go downhill. Hopefully it was worth the greed of the asset bubble the Fed created.	0
As a Liverpool fan I have to say that I admire how Ten Hag approached this game, he is great to listen to. Honest and intelligent. Not afraid to leave out some big egos for the greater interest of the team, respect!	2
Let me guess this is the bottom ajajaja George has been saying the same thing the past 1000 weeks ??	1
Honestly I appreciate you and your content < Technical Analysis is good but I find It truly baffling that major crypto youtubers just look mostly at pure T.A and completely ignore the bigger narrative of why BTC is pumps/pumped and why the future outlook will be even rosier than it seems. It's kinda irresponsible to ignore the fact that each ETF launch so far has caused a major dump at the peaks of BTC. We were already on shaky footing with historically low volume and almost pure whale pumps,narrowly avoiding a long-term bear market. More emphasis should be put into day tradiing as it is less affected by the unpredictable nature of the market. I have made over 12 btc from day tradng with Kerry Pickett insights and charts.His been one step ahead of other analysis..	0
"Want to read these tips instead of watch???Check out the blog for this video: https://supertutortv.com/sat/whats-a-good-sat-score-updated-2022-2023/

Aiming for 750+ on reading????????Check out supertutorTV.com/superseminar for our 2hr pop up class w/ Brooke!

Learn fast ?with Brooke:
https://supertutortv.com/crashcourse/ 2 hour LIVE SAT Crash Course!

Work on your Common App Essay/Personal Statements w/ Brooke ??https://supertutortv.com/essay
??Save $10 off our group essay class when you use code ESSAY10; No price adjustments on previous purchases. Offer ends August 27, 2022, 11:59 pm Pacific time. Sale only valid on Essay Course."	1
This is so positive and relaxing, the jazz music I love it gives me beautiful thoughts	2
These are really tough times for the whole market, most of the top coins are down but the token fans are still growing: PSG, RBIF, SAT, ARS...and these are all Very potential project that can be held for a long time to WC	2
Ive been trying to go active on FTX US for the past four months. Each time I try to reach out to support, I go through all the hoops to put in detailed information of what my problem is and I get the same canned response that does not address my issue. Its a shame I plan on using them but if they cant get me set up I cant use them. To successful I guess to really care about solving something as important as Im boarding a new customer.	0
if MU fans really want the glazes out, you have to hurt them where they care the most --- money. boycott the club commercial sell and their sponsors, lower their TV broadcast views/stadium attendance/social media activity ratings, etc.  all these together will brought down the valuation of the club, really weaken the glazes's position and help potential buyers. protest along is meaningless. before that, i doubt anything will happen.	0
"I like the Indian chess piece 
But how other country's play chess is also fascinating"	2
Oh yeah!New morphs,update is TOP!	2
A m me gusta que sea de pago, ya que eso genera que no haya microtransacciones, pero lo que me molesta es pagar para jugar online despus de comprar el juego	1
Tom Hayes is the only analyst that doesn't cap he uses data and numbers to backup his analysis.	1
Hora de instalar este Minecraft en los celulares de la plaza, a ver si estos s corren ??	2
Estoy emocionado por esta serie ?LO DIGO EN SERIO!	1
Comprei meu Nintendo Switch tem mais ou menos 2 semanas.. achei seu canal a pouco mais de 1 ms e cara t? amando seu contedo Coelho parabns	1
"1:04 Harvard Mark I
2:33 Additions, Subtractions, Multiplications, Divisions. Computer Bugs
3:34 John Ambrose Fleming, Thermionic Valve.
Lee de Forest
4:55 Triode Vacuum Tubes
5:31 Electronic Computing. Colossus MK1. Alan Turing
6:35 ENIAC
7:40 A Transistor. Computers get smaller, Computers get cheaper
9:35 Silicon Valley"	1
For 16 free meals with HelloFresh across 7 boxes AND 3 free gifts, use code FAIRYCHAR16 at https://bit.ly/3JWm629	2
"But that child he is awesome he build for his father ??

A small child did a big thing not in real world but in Minecraft ????"	2
Barely 10 minutes in and can already appreciate the time and consideration put into this video. Thanks so much.	2
QGA player here. I kept running into literally the exact problems you listed in that section of the video. Recently I tried the Benko Gambit in one game to see how well it would do; had a completely dominant position after like 12 moves.  Excellent video as always. Keep it up!	2
Very nice overview thanks	2
Packing ka koch bataya nahe	1
"I love your content, keep going and never stop doing what your doing. 
Never stop being kind to people"	2
"Obviously Captain America was a virgin
-She Hulks final words"	1
I am watching this because I just found out today that I will be interviewed for a position volunteering at a library. I am fourteen, and, of course, this isn't a real job, but I think that this will be a good experience for me, to be able to get a taste of what a real job interview looks like. These are some fantastic tips, and now I feel much more prepared. :D	2
I think the free-choice gym makes sense because, in the pokemon world, there are trainers who start their journey from towns or cities more advanced than the first village of the main character. Imagine if every npc started from Pallet Town, that wouldn't make much sense right?	1
Thank you so much! I can now make this anytime to eat, delicious ??!!!	2
Big congratulations to Bitboy,  guy managed to expose himself on a massive scale.	2
As a high school math teacher in Texas, this is awesome. You don't realize how much the teachers spend on school supplies for their own classrooms because our kiddos don't have the supplies they need. We don't want any student to be without.	2
I love how Wired always finds people that are super passionate about their careers. Always the icing on the cake for me.	2
"`
Runa"	1
Both professors are exceptionally gifted at understanding and communicating this beautiful subject.	2
SethBling will make a sentient being using Mario World code injection lol, this whole stuff is super amazing, love it :D	2
The cotton candy myth is based on how big your cup and how much  water it is,so technically its infinite	1
Love my series x. I also love my one x too. I honestly didnt think that there would be much difference. Boy how wrong I was. Loading/downloading times are insane, and quick resume is freaking incredible. So thankful for that bad boy	2
"Whenever someone uses the word ""It turns out"", I remember Andrew Ng. I love Andrew Ng."	2
If an Elite Series 3 controller is on the horizon, Microsoft really needs to focus on quality control. I went through 3 Series 2' controllers before giving up and getting a refund. I experienced faulty paddles, loose buzzing rumble motors and worst of all large deadzones on the analog sticks. I really wanted to love it but I couldn't warrant spending that kind of money on a controller with basic functionality issues.	0
Good day, Future Tech. I noticed your excellent video and am impressed with your amazing sharing on products. We'd love to collab on a new product experience we're working on, what would be the best email to contact you?	2
Congratulations on such an amazing achievement, can't wait to see your channel grow even bigger.	2
Bloody phenomenal content mate. This is the best in depth analysis of the crypto/Bitcoin market Ive seen in recent memory. Im increasingly astonished at and grateful for the quality of insight available	2
"Ok, here we go...
50. Arizona 
49. Louisiana 
48. Alaska 
47. New Mexico 
46. Nevada 
45. Oklahoma 
44. California 
43. Alabama 
42. West Virginia 
41. Mississippi 
40. South Carolina 
39. Idaho 
38. Montana 
37. Hawaii 
36. Michigan 
35. North Carolina
34. Oregon 
33. Georgia 
32. Arkansas 
31. Tennessee 
30. Florida 
29. South Dakota 
28. Indiana 
27. North Dakota 
26. Texas
25. Utah 
24. Wyoming 
23. Washington 
22. Colorado 
21. Ohio 
20. Kansas 
19. Kentucky 
18. Missouri 
17. Illinois 
16. Maine
15. Iowa 
14. Nebraska 
13. Wisconsin 
12. Rhode Island 
11. Pennsylvania 
10. Minnesota 
9. Delaware 
8. Maryland 
7. Vermont 
6. New Hampshire 
5. Virginia 
4. New York 
3. Connecticut 
2. New Jersey 
& #1. MASSACHUSETTS!"	1
The sound test killed me, that was hilarious. And the wrist rest is brilliant, I often get marks on my wrist from my mousepad.	2
Please react on 'memu agamu ft allu arjun 'song ???????????	2
"La vi en cuanto la estrenaron y me pareci genial, Gary Oldman es extraordinario,  la serie tiene buen ritmo y no decepciona en lo absoluto.  Para mi tambin un 8 slido 

PD  La serie de ""The Afterparty"" es pura diversin., me pareci excelente tambin"	1
Meanwhile Siri cant even complete a simple task like playing my podcasts for me without asking 3 or 4 times	0
I wonder if there will be options for family plans. Like I have one sister. My parents haven't played video games since the 80s. So a two family plan I'd like, but I COULD also work with a 4 person plan. Just have me pay my share, my sister pay me hers and my best friend and his girlfriend pay me for theirs. That way everyone wins with lower priced game pass costs. I hope it's that flexible, you know?	1
Excellent explanations of earths past & where we are now. New rock type made of plastic says it all for modern human life.	2
"01:37 Ratios, Rate and Proportions
03:12 Units
05:50 Percents
08:08 Linear Equation Word Problems
09:16 Graphing Linear Equations
10:52 Interpreting Linear Functions
13:42 Solving Linear Equations and Linear Inequalities
14:48 Systems of Linear Inequalities Word Problems
16:38 Solving Systems of Linear Equations
18:30 Linear Inequality Word Problems
20:30 Systems of Linear Equations Word Problems
22:56 Solving Quadratic Equations
24:20 Key Features of Graphs"	1
*This is not just a computer scientist, she is an amazing communicator. She mirrors the talking points of the learner, and always positively commends their opinions, all while constantly smiling and making the learner feel at ease. What an amazing person!*	2
I was the DJ at my school dance, and I played this song.	1
Umm so I guess everyone forget that Paul Rudd was on friends for like 3 seasons	1
Dude didn't even care much to study and still got a perfect score, he's a natural genius	2
Enjoy!?	2
Oh how I love Russell Brand. Listen to him praise the students for the quality of their questions. He is such a great example of raising each other up!	2
I don't know what is more terrifying, a sentient AI with it's own non-human thoughts and feelings, or a non-sentient AI that is a holistic representation of human behaviour and speech.	0
The sound effects gets me dead more than the meme itself ??	0
Selamat buat Thor, yang menjadi anggota Avenger pertama yang masih layak, mendapatkan film solo ke-4!!! ??????	2
Large symbols are usually used to calibrate spy camera on high altitude spy planes	1
The lighting effects look really cool	2
Thank you so much, Mr. Lex Fridman, for contribution and sharing your lectures!	2
This video was soooo informative and encouraging. Im a neuroscience major looking to enter data science after college and have been trying to focus my skills in learning R, data visualization, and statistical analysis. Class of 23!	2
Albino snakes are probably one of the most common snake morphs seen in captive bred individuals. Theyre not hard to come by at all. Also, all the snakes you showed had black eyes. Albinos have red eyes, so none of those snakes were actually albino. Most albino snakes Ive seen arent pure white either, they often have some yellow on them as well (see albino Burmese pythons, hognose snakes, and checkered garter snakes, to name a few).	1
This is me wondering if anybody else just watches these for pleasure and not to get out of reading for a class.......	1
Came for the biology facts, stayed for his infectious positivity. His energy alone is more of a dopamine hit than anything else has been all day.	2
Wow, I usually dont like to hear 30 mins or more videos, but this one even after finishing I felt like I couldnt  get enough, feel like listening to more. Thanks Mr Thiagrajan for taking up this career, it makes such a big difference to the people of nation	2
This explanation of War And Peace was way too brief. I understand that this is just a 10-minute video and you are just trying to give people a vague idea and a taste of the book, but the way you made it out in your video it may seem like War And Peace is just about Natasha, but the whole point of the book is that it is a huge, epic story, with so many characters whose lives are all intertwined.	1
The kid basically saying respectfully after saying get out the car with a gun is hilarious	1
Bro the random dog on the soccer field stopping the goal like hes airbud has me in tears. ??	0
Ima leave this comment so when someone likes it I get remined of this amazing playlist.	2
Just moved my family from NY to VA and although NY is one level higher in Education what we gained as a family with piece of mind among everything else is priceless!! Great ???? Video Briggs	2
Love you soup, never fails to make me laugh.	2
"Sobre as cores... A minha favorita  a Gold! Desde o 5S (que foi o primeiro modelo dourado que a Apple lan?ou) ???

Sobre as mnimas diferen?as entre 13 normal e 14 normal... Meu medo  de a Apple simplesmente encerrar a produ??o da famlia 13 inteira esse ano ??

N?o seria a primeira vez que ela faz algo assim: em 2013 ao lan?ar o 5S ela encerrou a produ??o do iPhone 5 e o substituiu pelo 5C, j que tinham mesma tela, mesmo processador, mesmas c?meras e mesma bateria. S mudava a carca?a. N?o duvido ela fazer algo assim esse ano. 

Porque... Um iPhone 14 com chip do 13 Pro... c?meras do 13 Pro... tela do 13, carca?a do 13... meu Deus, esse aparelho vai flopar, vale a pena comprar o 13 logo que vai estar mais barato ??"	2
When Stebin Ben sings it feels there's music is in the air ????	2
Abi seviliyon??	2
You made chess 2! This is brilliant (!!)	2
This is great Im glad hes returning,that character deserves a come back especially since marvel is much bigger now	2
if you apply same formula on a cube multiple times it'll comes in same position after some times when you started????	1
I always appreciate the work you put into your reviews. I feel that youre very thorough and honest in your opinion. Thank you for what you do. JCVD is an amazing movie. Very hidden gem.	2
This inspired me to look into making games! The coding looks so intense though. Is it difficult?	2
"The movie is based on one of the Panchatantra stories of 'Vikram(Raja Vikramaditya)-vedha(ghost).. 
theme is where the raja is haunted by the ghost and it tells raja one story and asks questions at the end of each story. And based on the answer the ghost will take action.

Panchatantra stories are the childhood stories about morals.. and the directors have made a nice depiction in the movie."	1
"I know a couple that spoke to me separately after their divorce. They had been married for 25 years at the time of their divorce filing . I wanted to know why now they both said if you see people getting divorced after 20 + years theyve been miserable for the last 10 years. The wife said she was holding it together for the kids until they graduated high school. Both of them werent happy. 

Gary Owen said hed rather be happy than be in a toxic relationship. I understand that I pray his relationship with his kids is repaired."	0
Love all three. I want to try and prepare level threes recipe but pair it with Beths sauce. Level one was the backbone of this video lol. His lack of time spent making the food was made up with his commentary lol. He was so relatable for the everyday person.	2
Yahoo going into overdrive trash talking Ryan.  I can smell that they are scared.	0
Personally Id much rather a free carrying case then fancy unnecessary packaging. I appreciate a company thats forgo paying the extra bucks on packaging and placing it into something more functional to the consumer in the long run.	2
When he started counting the foundations of the copy base i lost it lol.	1
3:04 I can tell by the multiple times he says hes getting high ground and how Physics doesnt care, the hes one of those obsessive jerks that keeps bullying even though no one really cares. Cleary the high ground doesnt matter because every time he absolutely bodied him	0
Winning a high level tournament while chilling and enjoying a comedy podcast, magnus seems to have found the right combination of work+chill.	2
Ja me emocionei com o trailer imagina com o filme	1
As a member of the PlayStation community sending nothing but love????	2
Since day one when this trailer came out, I cannot stop watching, absolutely phenomenal.	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.UNO
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
15:55 Sun
15:55 Hopi
15:55 Joonie
15:55 Yoongi
Butter
23:23 Son qrfd unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial"	1
Its currently midnight even though Im so tired I know its worth it and I already know it will, love your vids! Keep em up :) and goodnight  everyone	2
I love this video and my daughter loves this video	2
I was briefly trying to work out what Tiamente:Shredders Revenge was!	1
The court had done its job. Now the rakyat's turn. If BN wins the next PRU, it'll likely be that they ask for royal pardon to free him. It'll be difficult to know if Agong will grant it seeing this is a serious crime of trustworthiness and integrity. We do not know. It's our job to make sure BN has no such opportunity.	0
Thanks Alex for all the advice, I finally landed a job as a data analyst at a tech startup. If anyones interested, I made 143 applications, had 7 interviews and got 3 offers. The process from starting the google course to landing a job took just under 3 months (I was unemployed and working on this full time). Hope that helps anyone who's looking for their next job!	2
The piano mat was made famous by the movie Big. I was waiting for a Big reference. In the product screenshot, it even was labeled the Big piano. Then Ken said he wanted to play Chopsticks. Thats the song that was used on that mat for a whole sequence in the movie and since then, anyone whos ever tried to step on one of these mats tries to mimic that scene in that movie. Thenyou guys reference Home Alone 2 instead. LOL.	1
I can confidently poach one egg at a time using the vortex method, but this is blowing my mind for poaching multiple eggs at once!	0
"We are an architecture and construction company in Chile, and we have used Unreal Engine for a long time and it is the best for real-time visualization ?? The preview versions of Unreal 5 were already spectacular and the best thing is the lighting - Lumion really changed everything.
It's great that this is being talked about not only in games but also in movies and other experiences like ours... There are plenty of tutorials to learn ? we did it that way.

  Out of fear... to learn it!"	2
Tickets for IndieLand 2022 are on sale now! http://indieland2022.eventbrite.com/	1
"Lexi: ""What would you do if you won the $1,000?""
Andrew: ""I'd probably put my money in stocks and stuff""
Also Andrew: ""SIKE! I'm going to a strip club right after this""
????????"	1
Great conversation. I have a lot of admiration for you Elon. You are extraordinarily brilliant man. Planet Earth is lucky to have you. I admire your passion and dedication to solve problems. Thank you for your humanism. Your son  is cute ????????	2
They could have this guy on 1,000 times and Ill still eagerly watch every episode.	2
Trying to make sense of cryptocurrencies can be a bit overwhelming for investors. <It's a nascent but promising asset class built on technology that has the potential to disrupt a wide range of industries. For investors, what's probably most attractive is the possibility of life-changing returns. Don't worry, you're not late to the crypto party. We're likely still in the very early innings, leaving you with lots of time to put money to work and learn about this burgeoning market. If you're new to crypto then my advise is that you trade with the guidance of an expert. I have learned from alot of Youtubers especially my mentor Gerard McDonald, who taught me how to make trade and increase my portfolio to 19 btc lately.	2
"Hermosa eleccin  babez.18kissx.Uno
de los mejores conciertos?
22:22 Senada: ""Hermoso""
22:22 Megan: ""Hotter"" 
22:22 Hopi: ""Sweeter""
22:22 Yoongi: ""Butter"" 
22:22 Amor: ""Momentos""
22:22 Alfiora: ""Preety""
22:22 Alana: ""Awesome""
22:22 Joonie: ""Cooler""
22:22 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no 
puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla,se que estuvo sorprendente zifn?? 15:55 Son unos
de los mejores conciertoyt"	1
C ngu?n g?c c?a Copper Golem v Glare hok?	1
I'm honestly impressed by the time and effort you put into these videos, Keep it up!!!!	2
Nikkie should do a full Korean makeup look	1
You coulda titled this Friday After Next Deleted Scenes and it woulda had the same if not greater effect but watching this made me understand Cubes real vision for the movie and the direction he wanted it to go. I see why he changed some parts but i love seeing this overall????!!!	2
The lofi apple mic is what brought me to asmr. It's still so tingly ??	2
"I have PTSD and clinical depression, so I always feel tired. I've been subjected to things I wouldn't wish on anyone, and even that was way easier than trying to get out of bed is for me now.

Please take care of yourselves, treatment for depression is very effective. Don't worry about potential side effects, because one very common side effect of depression is that you pass away."	0
I have been trying to solve a Rubiks cube for a year and your video has made me very confident around Rubiks cubes. Thank you for making this video!	2
Thank you so much for all of your help with everything.  I am taking biochemistry and genetics right now. Praying to find more videos that you can help me out with these classes. Love the way you teach.	2
Im definitely interested to see harvestella shown off. The concept sounds really cool, but the trailer left me with very little idea as to how it would actually work, so Im interested to see more	2
Tobacco is almost all downsides and weed is almost all upsides. Hard to imagine anyone would prefer tobacco to cannabis.	0
"1.65 in 2019
3.89 last week"	1
I feel so fake wanting to make a business because I feel whatever I make has already been made and idk if its gonna be better than those already made so it scares me.	0
What slowdown lol? It was abnormally fast and now with the recession, VCs realized many of these startups arent profitable so they laid off people. The big ones are still hiring and tech adoption isnt nearly as much for it to slow down anytime soon.	0
One of the better expert rates videos Ive seen. As a former tanker, its cool seeing tanks getting some attention!	2
"Please react to MV
Memu Aagamu ft. Allu Arjun, Armaan Malik, and TRI.BE ...You'll love it when you see it"	2
Imagine being an Grand Master who does not lose any games, and also being an GM that loses in 10 moves.	1
"Rodrigo, mais um vdeo incrvel.
Dos youtubers desse nicho  o meu preferido. Sucesso.
Sigo na minha jornada em busca do Iphone. ?? Desse ano n?o passa!"	1
looks insane. big win for gamepass	2
Lady Macbeth was stunning. Absolutely stunning. Her acting was on another level. Thats passion for the work on an almost transcendental level; she BECAME that character. MAN. Goosebumps.	2
hi anh	1
Is he just hiding documents in doughnut boxes I'm so confused	0
And one more thing do you think when cloning labs hit and they raise the power level we will get a new event and do you think events will push you past the 175 cap?	1
"Back in 2018 when John Oliver did the episode on Corporate Consolidation it inspired me so much that I applied for a Masters of Research program, got into a program, and did my entire research thesis on tech oligopolies. It was shocking to see how bad it really is; oligopolies that bordered in monopolies are rampant. My research essentially focused on the question of whether lack of enforcement of our antitrust laws caused this whole problem or whether lack of adequate laws were the core of the issue. The answer was that it was truly both. I thoroughly enjoyed my pre-doctoral masters thesis and am considering a PhD in the future. It's so lovely to see John talk about this, specifically on the tech sector!

Edit: Wow! Thanks everyone for the great comments! I haven't published it yet, otherwise I would share it with all you lovely people ? I am now looking for a policy or qualitative research/analyst job so if anyone is hiring, let me know ??"	0
Thank you for bringing joy to all of us with your work! God bless you ?? ??	2
no way this is only 5 years old, it felt like something that deserved to be in the deep recesses of 2012 youtube	2
"Hrithik is a terrific actor , 
u can't deny ??"	2
"0:46 he looks just like Scooby-Doo!

Totally forgot how to do time stamps.."	2
Wow, so cute!!! Congrats! Love from Romania ??????????????	2
Now I know how RAM actually stores bits. Now I can die in peace. Great content.	2
My man Levy just had MVL on his podcast then takes a massive dump on all of MVLs openings for black	0
Muito bom o vdeo mano mais um likee pra fortalecer o lindo canal!	1
I absolutely love that this guy is putting his school life on the line for us. It means he loves us.	2
I love the part where she says Its Gibin time, and everyone falls asleep.	2
"Unity and Unreal both have ""un"" in them but if we remove ""un"" we get ""Real"" and ""ity"" which makes ""Reality"""	1
"*59:52*
*I'm honestly impressed by the time and effort you put into these videos, Keep it up!*
??"	2
I keep on getting med school ads on these bio videos and I'm like... Dude... I'm just tryna pass grade 10 calm down	0
The  expression  on  gongsams  face  let's  me  know  he's  very  satisfied  with  the  meal. ????	2
It brings me tremendous joy to see everyone back and this still a thing. To us on YouTube this is like a reaction reunion. Thanks for doing this again Sean! ????	2
Love it! That's why I teach kids between 9 and 12 how to code... Educating the next generation	2
This dude also created LaTeX, a software that is commonly used to write mathematics. Impressive individual	2
Incredible method!! After 10 years as a chef I thought I tried every way possible to poach eggs and this one is by far the best !! Tried it this morning it works flawlessly 10/10 thanks for this tip ??????	2
SARADA USING CHIDORI IS ONE OF THE BEST SCENES IN ALL BORUTO UNIVERSE!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAA	2
"She really showed her true colours in this interview.
Intelligent, caring, empathetic, creative, warm hearted person."	2
Hai dears! I am second one now!  ?? ??	2
Not too big a change this time. I will hope in the next three years Apple will give us something new and extremely exciting to use!	2
I just cant wait to play fable. Thats really the only game Im looking forward to	2
llevaba a?os esperando,espera,solo fueron 5 meses,enserio  se sinti tanto xd buen vdeo por cierto uno de los mejores youtubers de programacion	1
"""Ted Cruz is a total hypocrite and, until recently, a Canadian citizen who may not even have a legal right to run for president.""  -Donald Trump 2015"	0
That first person has unbelievable control. Unreal. Sustaining that last note for that long without a single ounce of wavering was incredible	2
magnus' power is unbelievable, he even took over agadmators mind for a second and made him bongcloud	2
I am a final year Computer Science Engineering student and I would like to say, you literally videoed my entire 4 year course work briefly in 10 minutes. Great work.	2
Well done Magpies. Saint-Maximin attacking with pace at Man City defense is a blue print for rest of EPL.	2
Muito bom ??	2
That sucks I remember playing the actual game (pineapple pen) it was always frustrating when I didnt get pineapple apple pen	0
That's not a way to solve it, that's a repeated pattern, anyone with a cube has did some patterns, like doing the same exact move over and over and over until the cube gets back to the original point	1
A more effective way for villagers to return at night is an automatic bell alarm using night sensors with linked with a timer that rings thrice. It kinds of really reminds me of a clock that has curfew regulations	1
Dayum, what a game breaking dupe. I hope the developers patch this soon.	0
I'm about 2 years into teaching myself programming alongside my full time job and this is one of the best videos I've ever seen! It's the background language and contexts we don't get from tutorials or experimentation, thank you so much!	2
I could not imagine that mother having to continue to fight for her life with her sons body nearby. Absolutely heartbreaking.	0
I was just thinking yesterday man its been a while since jerry uploaded. Always a joy to see you uploading, especially the analysis vids!	2
I love how after 10x10 the surfaces stop being flat	2
Ang sarap ninyong panuoring kumain ng king crab at si Andong parang sanggol na marunong na kaagad magsalita	1
Another elseworld style videogame. I'm excited to see what they will do.	2
Professor Kaku! Im so glad he was asked to explain this for us. I am also excited that CNN is talking about this. Its what we should spend more time talking about fascinating things like this.	2
Alot of these crazy patients were undiagnosed with Autism and other developmental related disorders. Fortunately behavior analyst came it and took care of the unwanted insane people. It really is a sad story how these doctors would not want to treat any of them.	0
Jimmy always comes up with the most edited and well made reaction vids ever	2
His enthusiasm is so contagious, and he makes biology sound so interesting. This was awesome, thank you, Wired!	2
Abi videolar?n ?ok gzel??????????	1
Love love your courses BTW!!! I highly recommend anyone to do it if you are on the fence about it. This is our year babes!!  P.S. Sophia Id love to see more videos about your design biz. <3	2
I have a Series 4 and I refuse to upgrade until Apple integrates MagSafe charging. Its absolutely ridiculous that I need 3 different chargers for my iPhone, MacBook, and Watch	0
Ahhh, problems with the Standard Model, who'd have guessed. I had some wonderful arguments with 'particle' physicists while living near CERN a few years back... but I've had problems with this particular theory since the Copenhagen Interpretation of the 1920s.	0
Vote Nicki Minaj for best Hip-Hop MTV vma ??????	2
"I know 3 legends in my life, and they're
1.Chris Brown 
2. Christopher Maruce Brown
3. Breezy 
Hands down ??"	2
"Hi Richard, Hope you are well. I just want to extend my thanks to you as I cracked a Project Management job recently in IT. I came across your profile while doing my job search and your videos gave me a good understanding of what questions might be asked in different stages of interview and how to approach those with STAR technique.

Many thanks ???? Am glad I found your channel ??

Regards,
Sri"	2
"Lovely visuals and amazing lesson! Great way to understand storytelling.
"	2
Coool????	2
How long will we allow this clown to continue thses charade. It's embarrassing to the nation and democracy,  no one else would even come close to being tolerated	0
I'm 13 years old and I'm trying to learn how to code and this tutorial has really helped me. Thank you for this tutorial!	2
"My main problem with the M2 Air is that it sits between the M1 air and the 14"" MacBook pro. Those are two of the best laptops ever made. If you can find the M1 Air on sale, then it is still an outstanding value. If you are paying to upgrade the SSD and RAM, then the M2 Air is so close in price to the 14"" MacBook pro that if you can spend the little bit extra, you will not regret doing so."	2
Wow Smitha you did amazing job feel proud of you.	2
Its great to see Chris Wallace on CNN.	2
I really love this guy. Aint never listened to his music, but I can listen to him talk forever. I mean, hes ten toes down on everything. No wavering. Boosie is the peoples champ, for real!	2
Is there a part 2 to this. That was a really funny segment.	2
Kounsa product bola nahi	1
Bought two as a present for my wife. They're interesting little animals and a lot more intelligent than I would have thought. They recognize my wife as the one who feeds them; when she walks in the room they come to the front of the tank and start swimming up and down to get her attention. If someone told me they do that never would have believed them.	2
Dude they actually got Jim Nantz to announce it! Legendary.	2
Who's watching hungry wanting the same thing ??I love king crab	2
"""Did you find a boat?""
""I got a dresser, but...""
""Let's go!"""	1
IT IS INSANE !	2
"Has anyone mentioned that this BBQ sauce looks fantastic? 
Will you tell us how you made it Guga?"	2
The question of who committed the crime is immaterial. That is starting from a wrong premise and does not conform to justice principles in this investigation. Rather the question should be was a crime committed, what crime had been committed and what does the law say about committing such a crime. Then justice should follow. The law does not say unless such a person is a former president.	0
"Holy crap that was AMAZING?????????
I'm sooo looking forward to your new album!!"	2
I loved my 7th and 8th grade math teacher, his goal was to make the class love math. He said he loved when people failed, and he also only checked homework because the school system made him. He did the best he was allowed to, and this goes to show that you shouldn't blame the teachers, you shouldn't blame the people who designed the school system [around 150 years ago], you should blame the people who *keep* the school system the same, never changing it to suite modern needs more. Modern schools are near identical to ones over 150 years ago, which were designed to mass produce factory workers. Let that sink in.	2
"Thanks you so much for this video.
Solved my first cube today with your help ??"	2
Slava Ukraine from Hungary.  ??????????	1
Headphones in, relax and enjoy this chill one ??	2
Well we know he has one attorney that has had to go to jail for him another attorney who is about to be indicted and another attorney testifying in front of the January 6th committee so I think it's safe to say that most smart attorneys are not going to think that representing this man is worth it. Plus they know they won't get paid	0
Really awesome moments. Great video	2
I havnt watched it yet but since you find it funny Im def going to watch! I give credit to Kat alone for going up during these times and still giving comedy to those of us who can handle it.	2
From all the stuff mentioned. I have the DJI Mic. Amazing recording device	2
THE VIJAY DEVERAKONDA THINGS ONLY ????	2
GUYS I PUT THE REPOST ON PRIVATE BECAUSE THIS ONE GOT UNBLOCKED, BEST VALENTINES DAY GIFT EVER, IM SO HAPPY AHHH	2
Invested in GuardenToken , presale price is unbeliveable, huge gains expected.	2
"estare esperando pacientemente a que pongas mas bloques y esas cosas 
creo que seria dificil asi que no hay tantas probabilidades de que el lo haga"	1
I love how the lofi community is so chill and relaxed.This is literally the most peaceful part of youtube	2
It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends on his not understanding it.	0
I used to freeze a metal spoon and use it to stir my hot drinks when I was a kid. I totally recommend it if you just want to chill it and be done	2
So cute!! Great Job guys! I just leave my hair down for school but now since school is coming up I might start putting in hairstyles!<3	2
i remember doing this back in 2000, good times. (Talking about his mother)	2
Infinity Dodecahedrons are seriously cool. I bought another (smaller) one, and I really enjoy it. It's definitely an eye catcher and a conversation starter!	2
"This video has the ""Scott the Woz"" feel all over it. It is definitely a video is it sure has been ""Five Years In"". 10/10"	2
Why are there so many dislikes? Its a very well edited video and informational.	1
?Con Dios podemos alcanzarlo todo y mucho ms de lo que imaginamos.??	2
Just hearing this one hour extended song over and over again I suppose is serious business ????	2
Cool mix????	2
"BLACKPINK NUNCA DECEPCIONA!!!
ELAS D?O TODO O MELHOR DE SI PARA SATISFAZER OS BLINKS, AMO."	1
Sir good evening , I am not related to this subject but your way of explaining subject matter is excellent .You are lecturer from top most institute in the world so I love to watch way of teaching process , methods and dealing with subject topics.your attitude and way of dealing contents is Very simple.Congratulations sir..	2
I just love how unexpected everything is going. Better than any Netflix series.	2
Beautiful Mix!! ????????????????Cool  & Mellow!!????	2
"The ""NSA don't mind me"" part really got me laughing so damn hard lmao"	2
Hey there, awesome video! I want to buy the Pixel 7. Do you know if I miss any features if I dont go with the Pro Model? I like the design and size of the Pixel 7 more than the Pro model, but want to have a Software features. Am I missing something out with the Regular Pixel 7?	2
Empresrios, entrem com a??o no STF, j com intuito de levar a organismos internacionais para pararem com este absurdo, de criar leis que n?o existem.	1
managed to finish 3 essays without any distractions because of this soundtrack, thank you.	2
Watching this made me want to eat quinoa now. Ive never tried it. I wonder how it compares to rice.	1
ive been allergy tested before but this one is way tinglier!! especially without the spikes and severe itchiness in my back??	0
I also take playing random moves less slowly than my opponent extremely seriously	1
Your Adventure Time Intro is 10/10 and I now feel things I cannot put into words. Thanks for that.	2
"AMEI QUANDO ELE FALOU U?U! 
UM JEITO T?O BRASILEIRO, E LINDO TE AAAMOO GONGSSAM!!???????????"	2
Writing my first literature review in a college research paper and this video was a lifesaver. Thank you for clearly explaining the topic and helping me to feel more confident about my paper!	2
This guy never fails to make me feel like I'm learning something while also teaching absolutely nothing new and simply conceptualizing every sentence.	2
As an American,  I recognize the Asian history .	1
Loved this session sir ! Ur really good at explaining! Spot on  I feel so good and confident	2
Imagine climbing all the way up here and trying to sleep only to see You cannot sleep now, there are monsters nearby ??	0
Whoa. I love this type of minimalist approach to problems in general. It's so elegant here. Very inspiring!	2
Nice bro	2
They are so clueless of how the entire thing was done, how all the evidence was gathered,  what goes into getting a warrant it didn't happen over night	0
"Part of the problem is millions sold their homes to large companies like Black Rock instead of to actual families. Those type of companies want money so they jack up the rent and never sell those homes to families. 

I know everyone want money but think twice about selling your home to those companies. Every time you do you prevent other families from being able to afford a home and subject them to outrageous rent prices. 

I speak from experience."	0
I was so excited when you announced that the Watchers of the Bar were returning for House of the Dragon, I'm thrilled that the first reaction episode is already out!!! It's been so long since we got to see you guys all together again, thank you for bringing this back! Much love from Oregon <3	2
I'm here from the year 2019 and Hank Green has facial hair.	1
Klasa sama w sobie ????	1
I fell out of tree once when I was young, and it knocked the wind out of me really bad. My German Shepard ran up and grabbed my shirt and started pulling me to my back porch. He was a good boy!	2
Two of those records have already been broken. Caeleb Dressel's 100m butterfly was broken by himself at the 2021 Olympics with a time of 49.45 sec. and that of Inessa Kravets in women's triple jump, was beaten by Yulimar Rojas from Venezuela with 15.67mts, also in the Tokyo 2021 Olympics.	1
This is beautiful. This video implicitly tells you that how science works. Science doesnt always comprise of eureka moments. Often scientists slog through different inconsistencies assumptions and opposing theories to purport a hypothesis.	2
Interesting and Chill asf????Solid Interview	2
Hello, Sr. Richard! I'm brazilian and i followed your tips in my last job interview. I took notes and prepared myself. As a result, i got the job after 5 months unemployed! Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge with us! You helped me to express myself better. ??????	2
Respect to Lakeyah FR she is truly FLOURISHING !!! And Big Latto killed her verse per usual  <3	2
Great presentation - Love the actual gameplay footage and variety of games. Very grateful for Game Pass, love this service!!	2
Thanks for the video! I've always been interested in physics, but chose to go into chemistry for undergrad. It's awesome to have great explanations and videos so easily accessible.	2
Imagine after the base tour, they come out and their base is surrounded by like 10 base clones.	1
"Download Finger On The App 2 Here - https://beastgames.com/

The $100,000 competition starts in 7 days, good luck!"	2
This year Merdeka is probably one of the most memorable ones after Najib's final verdict. The judges are our last straw of hope to bring corruptors behind the bars	2
I knw she's grown but I just still hear a kid	1
"I love how the significant change from 2020 to 2021 is that we went from asking ""why"" to asking ""how""
I hope that, even with Omicron and so much more to come, 2022 questions change"	2
I finally solved this cube after ive been having it for 4 years! July 25, 2022. Thank you so much for being an amazing guide for this cube, Robbie!	2
"??    *these are some most important and  precious advices every one should read*  ????

*1.* _Take risks in your life. If you win, you can lead; if you lose, you can guide._

*2.* _People are not what they say but what they do; so judge them not from their words but from their actions._

*3.* _When someone hurts you, don't feel bad because it's a law of nature that the tree that bears the sweetest fruits gets maximum number of stones._

*4.* _Take whatever you can from your life because when life starts taking from you, it takes even your last breath._

*5.* _In this world, people will always throw stones on the path of your success. It depends on what you make from them - a wall or a bridge._

*6.* _Challenges make life interesting; overcoming them make life meaningful._

*7.* _There is no joy in victory without running the risk of defeat._

*8.* _A path without obstacles leads nowhere._

*9.* _Past is a nice place to visit but certainly not a good place to stay._

*10.* _You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time._

*11.* _If what you did yesterday still looks big to you, then you haven't done much today._

*12.* _If you don't build your dreams, someone else will hire you to build theirs._

*13.* _If you don't climb the mountain; you can't view the plain._

*14.* _Don't leave it idle - use your brain._

*15.* _You are not paid for having brain, you are only rewarded for using it intelligently._

*16.* _It is not what you don't have that limits you; it is what you have but don't know how to use._

*17.* _What you fail to learn might teach you a lesson._

*18.* _The difference between a corrupt person and an honest person is: The corrupt person has a price while the honest person has a value._

*19.* _If you succeed in cheating someone, don't think that the person is a fool...... Realize that the person trusted you much more than you deserved._
I 
*20.* _Honesty is an expensive gift; don't expect it from cheap people._
I hope you have learnt something you can recieve more from my this channel????????"	2
"""Documents?""  There's a difference between documents and classified information, Mick.  How the hell were you in the Whitehouse?"	0
Never bring a gun to a harpoon fight???	0
So hes basically me when I wake up from my 27 year nap and craving a baby Ruth	1
Joji and Rich Brian pumping out back to back bangers... Thanks guys ??????	2
"I've used this a few times and it works really well! My only advice is to shorten your statement if possible and build achievement stories into the next few answers. Even going through the snapshot of your work history by yourself before the interview will give you a BUNCH of anecdotes to loads of questions. The first time I tried it it was very lengthy and didn't really work. Now I start by saying what I am doing currently, the job or education I did before this, a summary of my other industries and qualifications and THEN I a future statement about where I want to bring my experience/skills.  ""I am 26 years old, currently a team coordinator at ___. Before this I was studying __ and volunteering at ___. I have experience leading and motivating teams and would love to work more in the community sector!"" 
I don't know why but I always start with my age ??

After this they usually ask why you want the position. This is where I suggest spoon feeding them with the ""I know you are looking for someone with xyz..."" statement ??"	2
Man city playing so well so far, but I feel like some city players arent giving halland a chance. Give it some games and that will change!	1
Google Data Analytics Certificate: https://coursera.pxf.io/gbNzrg	1
When you try the tape thing and feel like a scientist.	1
"No more wire hangers!!!
This is what a complete and total cult transformation looks like. Look at the difference just in her demeanor and her physical appearance when she was supporting Cheney and how psychotic and dead behind the eyes she looks currently. Shes got that Marshall Applewhite from Heavens Gate look down Pat."	0
"I would love to see lives and unedited content!  I would watch it! I've been here since the beginning and I've been loving your growth!  You seem to be thriving in the new space and I'm here for whatever content you put out.  Sending blessings to you and James! And Puka, of course!  ????  

I'm shopping this video while watching!  ?? RIP no buy!"	2
Im getting really scared for this SAT. I usually get Bs and the SAT is my last good way to getting into a good college	0
"Be warned guys, this is Scott's last ever ""Nintendo Switch: Five Years In"" video, so savour it."	1
Thank you for this amazing content. Many online courses and bootcamps fail to go over the foundations and this is exactly what we needed	2
As a sidenote, we don't know if prime factorization is NP-complete and we don't know if it's P either! We only know it's NP. I'd be surprised if someone discovered it to be in Pand also if someone found it to be NP-complete, because this would mean quantum computers would solve NP-complete problems in polynomial time. If someone proofs that prime factorization is not P, and not NP-complete, we'd finally know once and for all that P != NP (via Ladner's theorem).	1
I'm surprised it only took 22 hours to solve the cubes. This project is insane! Well done good sir!	2
I enjoyed the video! Now I'm hungry ????	2
LOVE THIS!!! I would work for you for free!! honestly your videos are amazing keep up the amazing work!!!!!	2
sped up songs been hittin different lately ?????	1
"This vocalise of ""Ave Maria"" was composed by Igor Krutoy especially for Dimash.  It goes without saying that this newest version of the traditional song(s) is almost beyond belief in its simplicity and power.  Nobody can pull off a vocalise as well as Dimash, the greatest vocalist I have ever heard in my 80+ years on this planet, and I've heard some really great singers along the way, and in every genre ever conceived.  What a blessing to experience this voice, this incomparable talent.  btw: Very nice reaction."	2
This really feels like a perfect blend between all three previous xenoblade games, in terms of gameplay, art-style, and world features. I'm starting to really feel it!	2
so much practice and talent	2
"As a Dane I find this very interesting, after all as Sun Tzu said ""know thy enemy""







Nah, just kidding, great video and best of wishes to my Swedish neighbors."	2
I remember watching an interview with Fischer and he mentioned how during matches even the wrong lighting would throw him off. Definitely seems like he might have had sensory issues that werent well understood at the time.	0
"Expand to see important notes for this video. 1) This video, as stated in the description, focuses on general functions of biomolecules. The biomolecules: carbs, lipids, proteins, and nucleic acids, can all can have important functions in the body.  *This is a video about the general function of biomolecules. For your dietary needs, consult with a dietitian or medical doctor.*  2) We mention the popular CHO, CHO, CHON, CHONP mnemonic for major elements in the biomolecules. As we mention, these are basics. There can be more elements (such as sulfur for example in proteins), but we wanted to identify *common elements starting at the building block level.*  At the building block level, *some amino acids lack sulfur* for example. It's not just sulfur. For example, there are lipids that can additionally contain phosphate or nitrogen. The popular CHO, CHO, CHON, CHONP mnemonic sticks with basic elements found even at the building block level. 3) Since this video only uses one character for carbohydrates, one character for lipids, and one character for proteins - unfortunately, when mentioning general functions of each biomolecule type, it isn't designed to show a specific type. We received a great point in an email though that, since our little lipid character is a triglyceride, this can be confusing when naming lipid functions. For example, at 3:52 in the video when saying lipids are part of the cell membrane, it would be much better if we do not show the little lipid character so there won't be any confusion as we do not want to imply that *specific* lipid type makes up the cell membrane. [Phospholipids are a major lipid type in the cell membrane although other types exist as well]. We plan to explore creating individual, detailed videos on lipids, carbs, and proteins where we can show different types.

UPDATE: We have videos dubbed in Spanish and Portuguese using an artificial voice via https://aloud.area120.google.com to increase accessibility. See our Amoeba Sisters en Espa?ol channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1Njo3LBy53cOPngz6ArV8Q and Amoeba Sisters em Portugus https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYTQPX2X_mXe0ZMPi0fXxbg  Want to help translate our subtitles in any language? Learn more here https://www.amoebasisters.com/pinkys-ed-tech-favorites/community-contributed-subtitles"	1
Our family moved to WA State from MN back in 1977 after nearly 10 years of living there.  I was only 2 years old.  But, grew up on tater tot casserole.  I was told it was one of the many recipes my mom took with her from MN.  And, so it explains it as a MN favorite food.	2
Been waiting on this song since mid 2020 man ????	2
Well if your going to teach physics you gotta start from the beginning, its a warm summer evening in Ancient Greece	1
Honestly, I was expecting one of the tires to burst and wed get the car crash that occurred at the beginning of the pilot to the original INCREDIBLE HULK TV series.	1
"The business deveria ser trilha sonora dum jogo!!!! Muito motivacional, as melodias ??, groove ent?o... Eixxx 
Agora come?o o dia com essa msica!!!!????????????????

Espero um dia fazer Msicas assim!!!!"	2
Nick is the only YouTuber who can call me a peasant on cameraand make me laugh abt it??????	2
Ive used this twice for my practice exams! Feels super real ???? thank yall	2
The package look more expensive than the actual product	0
"Christian Bale as Gorr looks terrifying. 

Love it"	0
Hay l?m anh,lm 400 ngy lu?n ?iii anhh:3	1
With gradient descent, we generally don't  update one parameter and 'then' another. Rather, parameter updates are done simultaneously. Great video overall. I like how you started with a simple model structure and skipped the derivations to keep things understandable to a broader audience.	2
These guy excudes such a positive energy that they tends to lift spirits ??	2
"Imagine if Gibi did like a everything is wrong with you with this type of video! Id love to see what she would come o
Up with!"	2
You should add a playground for the seekers while they wait to be released. A mini jungle gym or something like that so they won't be bored while waiting the 30 seconds.	1
"""Maybe you Immediately thought of the blue whale."" Nah mate, thought of ants. It's the title of the video"	1
"As a Vietnam veteran with PTSD, I can honestly say, you have your moments - this is a mental illness. But depending on what you experienced in a war, it can bring back certain events. Ten years of therapy in 1999 denied you don't have PTSD, but now, VA says chronic PTSD; I grew it over the last 23 years. I was awarded PTSD this month.

My grandson joined the Army at age 31. He did not need to do that, skilled in plumbing and heating making about $40 per hour with 10-12 years of experience. But my influence as a US Army veteran of 13 years only. 18X training."	0
Personal attention is my favorite. The hand movements make my eyes really heavy and tired. Love ur vids ????	2
Happy compilation day! ? ? Make sure to set a reminder for the premiere if you haven't already, we'll be hosting a listening party with fun games and quizzes! See you soon ??	2
Fair, reasonable and intelligent. Miss this man and his articulate analysis of events.	1
Martinez is all of 6'4 in his 5'9 height.  A giant among giants	2
Lustereczko powiedz przecie? kto jest bezpieczny w tym ?wiecie? ??	2
"The lap videos are always so amazingly comforting!
Love the little rings on your nails and the sound they make while you trace really nice video! ??"	2
Learnt more from this video than I have from my lecturer the last 2 months, thank you ??	2
"Tolles Video. ??
Schade das sie die Notch nicht lassen bis sie komplett unter dem Display verschwindet.
Ist doch eigentlich das Erkennungszeichen vom iPhone.
Ich glaube das sie das iPhone Mini alle paar Jahre, wieder aktualisiert, bringen werden.
Da ich erst letztes Jahr beim 13pro Max zugeschlagen habe wird es dieses Jahr wohl ein Update von meinem 2017er iPad Pro 10.5 werden.
Mal schauen was im Oktober kommt. 
Gru? an alle ????"	1
I just wanted to say that your physics playlist helped me immensely to get a 5 on the AP Physics C Mechanics exam. Your videos are a godsend and I extremely appreciate all the work you put into them. I'll definitely be revisiting this channel during college!	2
"Karl : cameraman now great friend with jimmy 
Chris : 1st subscriber now still his bestest friend 
Chandler : was a janitor 
Tareq: paid a cameraman but now won 131 k from one challenge"	2
Thank you sir for such amazing community classes	2
This is super relaxing. I enjoy your positive affirmations, especially from this angle, as your comforting words combined with your lovely hand sways give lots of tingles. Thanks Glow ?	2
A cube I can mix up without worrying	1
Very cool. My grandfather, who died at 95 right before the pandemic, used to collect physics toys and loved to demonstrate and explain how they work. Because of him I have a good understanding of buoyancy, surface tension, states of matter, electrical conductance, and many other concepts. We need people like you to teach this stuff to the next generation. Keep up the good work.	2
On a side note, its nice that at that skate park, although different in ages, they all seem to get along and respect each other. The little kid at the end are smarter and cooler than me.	2
Say what ever you want, but Boosie is the epitome of a southern raised Black man. He has real qualities and he stands on it no matter what. It doesnt matter if you white, black, brown, dont matter with this man. Respect him and hes respectful back. You dont have to agree with everything the man says, but most of what he says is the real deal facts or the hard perspectives that many people arent comfortable talking about. Been a huge fan of Boosie through his whole career, I wish nothing but great things for him. As a Louisiana native, it gives us hope that one day that type of success can be achieved!	2
Even just the beginning of the story has me stressed out- Death Valley is incredibly scary, and if you go off the path you're basically guaranteed to get in serious trouble	0
You know its a good game when theres 20 minute highlights	2
just start my datacamp journey, thank you for this helpful insight, I have one question, how do you know that some company just using you for their free project while they actually don't want to hire anyone.	2
Super playlista b?d? cz??ciej s?ucha?a na twoim kanale :)	2
That little dance after the first bite was so funny to me?????? I had an attitude the other day because I was hungry, but once I got that food I was so happy??	2
So people who paid their debt off just as people who immigrated to USA legally are slapped in the face by people who cannot or will not pay their debt.	0
Increble baile me encanta, las cuatro son unas reinas,  lisa la mejor ??????????,  jenlisa ??	2
"Nice to see that Kant's take on epistemology (that our knowledge of reality can be defined only as ""phenomenal"" or relating to our experiences, senses, and how our mind organizes information as opposed to ""noumenal"" or relating to fundamentally direct knowledge about reality itself) still seems to be floating on gracefully.

For anything dealing with the actual nature of reality, time to visit your local metaphysician... unfortunately, any statement from a metaphysician can only really be speculation and language games, so alas..."	1
Great animation.keep it up.	2
"""It is impossible to simply walk off with these documents and keep them.  In order  to do that, you have to purposely want to take them away.  I can't understand it.""  -  Mick Mulvaney"	0
You do the best explanations, without skipping the steps. thank you so much for your time and work!	2
"Agad humour is why we love this channel. 
The tongue in cheek comment in timestamps, the knight making fancy moves to pick up the pawn, the inside joke on the b4 square.... 
Man, it makes my day ??"	2
"(Please turn on English subtitles!??)

??? VS ??? ???? ????!!??
Cheetos vs Takis. Which one would be better???


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Instagram?https://www.instagram.com/gongsam_table/ 
facebook?https://www.facebook.com/GONGSAMTABLE203
TikTok ?https://www.tiktok.com/@gongsam_table 
bilibili?https://space.bilibili.com/549639445 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------"	1
"I am grateful for the woman that brought me into this world. Not only that, she loved me and supported me, in ways no one would. She went above and beyond, while others have been one disappointment after another. I owe her everything and I help her out whenever she asked.?

But the thing is, only one woman brought me into this world. And that credit does not roll over to the rest of the gender."	2
I did python tutorial after python tutorial and none of it ever stuck. It wasnt until it really mattered at my job that I was pushed to learn basic computer science principles, and not long after that -Python. And I love every single part of it.	2
i hope they add more sports, i feel like a lot of the current ones are pretty similar so it would be nice to see some new ones come in	2
I love Michael Cohen. Hes a straight shooter. Glad hes seen the light. Also I want to thank all the commenters who support this DOJ and the upholding the law against such an egregious criminal organization and its members. It gives me so much hope!!   Thank you all so much!!	2
Love this song,it's how the world is today at times ??	2
Garibo ke masiha abbas ansari jindabad	1
Haven't watched yet, but just seeing Chris and Jimmy together, you know it's going to be awesome content	2
Chess didn't speak... It was Screaming in Pragg v/s Lev !!!	1
"Being German and listening to Dutch be like:

-I understand, no I don't, yes I do, no I don't"	1
This girl really has an Aussie feel to me. Funny that shes British/French which you can see in ways but so much of her reminds me of my Australian friends	2
Not sure if anyone else had noticed this, but when I rewatched this again, I saw that the platforms that Shiver, Frye, and Big Man were standing on actually connect together. The bottom part makes up a fish. Shivers platform is the head, Big Mans the middle part, and Frye is the tail. Very subtle detail, I love it!	2
I THOUGHT THIS WAS A SHOW OH MY GOD THAT GAVE ME A HEART ATTACK	0
Wow I'm surprised, I figured Apple's answer to their failure was to buy the new iPhone that magically isn't effected by this hack discovered just before the new iPhone reveal. ????	0
Amo assistir seus vdeos ?? ????	2
The teamwork and compassion on display by the people in the circle has restored my faith in humanity	2
"Sad to see that in the name of entertainment we are spending so much on Theater tickets that these actors are demanding 25+ Crores for a movie. Even highly educated Proffesionals (CA's, Engineers, Doctors, Civil Servants etc) do not earn this kind of money in India after 10 year of service. 

A simple logic, if theses actors (Including the Kumars, Khan's, Devgans, Kapoor's, Roshans, etc) start charging 10 to 50 lac per movie,  the theater ticket price will drop automatically and eventually we can start enjoying movie in the theaters with our families at a much lesser price.

These Superstars have built their mansions worth 100+ Crores and secured the life's of their children and grandchildren. They are living king-size life with our hard earned money. I believe we better stick to OTT or any other form of free entertainment which is easily available on YouTube or any other app"	0
Thanks a lot for putting up such great content. The instructor took a very practical approach to DS rather than just theories.	2
I find it utterly interesting and a bit paradoxical to see Dewey's progressive ideas presented through a short and well made lecture which utilizes state of the art instructional design. It really tells us that the art form of lecturing is rather timeless..	2
#askgcntech Riding in a strong crosswind the other day, I wondered if a high cadence would give a gyroscope effect and reduce buffeting from the wind.  Presumably from feet and shoes if so. Can Ollie show us the maths please.	1
"?? Register to GM Igor Smirnov's FREE Masterclass ""The Best Way to Improve at Chess INSTANTLY""  - https://bit.ly/3hWvJAk
?? Join the RCA Affiliate Program, promote our courses, and get 50% commission - https://chess-teacher.com/partnership/"	2
Hoping Sony will announce that the PS5 will be back in stock	2
"*Mathematicians:*
""Let's prove this.""
*Physicists:*
""Let's use the results."""	1
MR. Organic Chemistry Tutor, thank you for powerful introduction to the old Greek Alphabet List and their usage in science and engineering.	2
"*27:54*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
"WOAH THERE! Checkout my SAT Math Course For a PERFECT SCORE (use code ""FIRST100"" for a serious discount): https://sso.teachable.com/secure/1178789/checkout/3687263/sat-math-crash-course-to-a-perfect"	2
Who the hell is making these kind of crappy movies?	0
I cant get enough of this race. The way he says RICH STRIKE! in the end is legendary	2
I used to work for those online tutoring companies. They wanted native English speakers and promised you $16 but would dock your pay for things like yawning on screen. The pace was insane. I was fired for not smiling enough. The burnout rate was very, very high, especially because you had to get up at about 4 am to do it if you lived in America. The kids would be really young - the youngest I tutored was 3, too young to understand anything at all - and be in pajamas and finishing up their dinner, so like the last thing they wanted to do was stare at a computer and learn English, especially because the age range seemed to be 5-7-year-olds. Sometimes they would pick up the laptop they were on and just run around the room with it and the parents would give us bad marks for not keeping their child engaged enough. It was a really horrible job for both companies I worked for.	0
The sound board works but not every time. You need to get sounds of NPC's idle talk, getting run over & pretty much reacting to what players are doing, your first give away is the fact you are looking for players (i get it, it's to pretend to be an NPC) but just pass by some players.	1
The enchiladas look so good...Would Steph consider sharing her recipe? or a video showing how she made it?	2
I love your videos and happened upon then through my recommended feed. By showing all of your thought processes going into your designs and wealth of knowledge of architecture, your passion made me want to support you and Chef RPG through Kickstarter. I can't wait to see the final product and finally hop into the world you created ??	2
Great filming! Beautiful and spectacular scenery and music. But above all wonderful animals.	2
Iron man is amazing even when hes not acting like iron man. Robert Downey Jr. for the win!	2
The owner in this episode is such a sweetheart, bless his heart. It's sad that some of his staff take advantage of that. I'm so glad Gordon came to help and I hope they clean up their act and kick it into gear.  I really hope that after Gordon leaves that Dean will continue to put his foot down and have the restaurant and life he deserves. To be completely honest, the cook showed promise, but he didn't show up half of the time when he needed to and didn't listen to Dean and wants to say Dean is a bad man...that's ridiculous. Dean put up with Orelio (cook/chef) thinking he can do what he wants (mainly Dean's own fault) and so now that is what he expects. I would have fired his ass a long time ago.	1
I'm a gamer of all consoles. I have only ever had to do one return and it was on Playstation. Had my money back in my account in about 45 minutes. I was surprised. Love gamepass!!  Have a great day ??	2
Cn nhi?u bi hay trong album n?a anh ? nh?: Em l, L.I.E, Anh ko th?... Mong anh rect thm n?a ??	1
With inflation running at a four-decade high, a Recession is now the most likely outcome for the economy. How can I grow my portfolio to outpace inflation and maintain a successful long-term strategy? I have been reading of investors making about $250k profit in this current crashing market, and I need ideas on how to achieve similar profits.	1
This was such a great refresher course. Everything I needed to recollect and on point. Great job and thank you!	2
"I remember seeing your first devlog 2 years ago and just knowing it wasn't going to be another one of those indie games that devs drop after a few months and boy was i right. I haven't seen a more polished amazing looking well thought out fun indie game in my entire life and i don't think i will ever see anything like this again. If i was you i would be extremely proud of myself for making something as cool as this and same goes to everyone who helped you. I cannot wait to be able to play this but i cant even wait to see these dev logs at the end of each month. Awesome work keep it up and best of luck!

17:40 Also i think these humanoid characters will really go far in this game even if they arent enemies, and no matter how hard they are to animate i really think its going to make your game stand out from traditional indie games as if it doesn't enough! Also to whoever concepted the humanoid characters awesome job! Looks dope!"	2
Very interesting! Well done!	2
Very relaxing video it helps me sleep and relax	2
I had a very realistic dream last night that BTC and eth fell to 0. I have no emotions. I woke up and bought more	1
Just got the Xbox and my friend got the ps5 and honestly they did amazing with both consoles its at the point in time that it doesnt really matter what system you have unless u want exclusives all games now a days are crossplay love both systems ??????	2
"So, the history repeats
""A level supposed to be created to be impossib?e using hacks or extremely thigh gaps ends being legitimately beated by a high skilled player""

Perfection"	1
"Loved the video..it's very informative and insightful under 8 mins..
Quiz Answers: 1st and 2nd are supervised while 3rd is unsupervised"	2
Thank you for such great video. I hope my all concepts will be cleared through this sessions??	2
"I hope one day people understand, Gabe Newell once said "" The easiest way to stop piracy is not by putting antipiracy technology to work. It's by giving those people a service that's better than what they're receiving from the pirates."" truer words are yet to be spoken amidst this industry."	2
Intel is in trouble	0
"Finally, I found something practical rather than theoretical.
Thank you sir??"	2
"Deus nunca disse que a jornada seria fcil, mas ele disse que a chegada valeria a pena. Sucesso pra geral que leu esse comentrio????








Tenho um canal quem poder d uma for?a la
Edit: n?o estou mendigando voc n?o  obrigado a ajudar"	1
"Its not so much the fact that they dont know these movies that makes me mad, its the disrespect they are showing towards the animation that gets me mad! 

People worked hard to draw those films, hand drawn animation and cell animation was tough compared to now with computer drawn animation, and a lot of the animation on these movies still hold up."	0
I like how this man can solve this damn cube in 13 seconds when its been 13 years since my last  cube I still cant even solve it	0
Definitely a Zach Mukbanger fan. Hooked from day one. Videos are amazing. Love the cooking sessions, which I've definitely learned a lot. Why eat out? These videos are more than enough. An artist at what he does. Good always looks amazing. No words to describe his talent. Great job!	2
I actually had a professor back in college that had gone down to the Amazon to study these creatures.	1
Love it. Animations, everything, kudos for you and your team for making such amazing content! :)	2
This track is great. Tiesto returns to form and Im not even mad its taken so long to come onto this channel. I wasnt 100% sure it even was on the label so this is a HUGE plus. HIT ??	2
This song shall and will become a Classic for our future to be sang again and again .!	2
The price of the road-going Kawasaki really tells how overpriced the push bikes are.	0
Mujhe esa  lag raha police se jayad aap ke dard ho rha he	1
"""El primer mquina de guerra"". O el primer actor que interpret a superboy en la serie de los 80."	1
Great tutorial! And I like how you said it straight - design isnt a skill thats perfected overnight. Its developed by practice and more practice! Its great to learn from others too. Figma seems to be a great site to start with - its free, user-friendly, and supports collaborative work! Its a great tool for beginners.	2
Not a great time for buyers. Right up until prices crash and BlackRock comes in and sweeps em all up on the cheap, in cash. Homeowners that can't pay an absurd mortgage can rent for exorbitant rates after they boost the prices back up. You will own nothing- and you will NOT be happy.	0
Biology: the only science where multiplication and division mean the same thing	1
We wish you all the very best for your future life. May everything that you do make you happy and rise	2
Let's not forget that the biggest payouts in the markets don't come from great performances but rather it's great promotions. Stay invested, diversification for streams of incomes is very important.	2
Bless the witnesses who reported this and the police who responded. We should all take note and keep our eyes out to protect each other.	1
If I lived in Finland, I would be freaked out!	0
I'm impressed with the thoroughness and professionalism exhibit by this team, particularly their depth of knowledge, focus, integrity and attention to details make us very comfortable doing Bitcoin investment with them!!!	2
Amo este playlist est increble ?????	2
I found this lesson really absorbing.  How explicitly this video illustrates the key points to be borne in mind in an interview! Most advantageous lesson I've ever watched.  Thanks to the entire team.	2
It's look so delicous??????	2
I LOVE the harmonized humming, and the rain sound has some bassy depth to it which is absolutely wonderful. Thank you so much for this	2
One of the greatest films of all time with a timeless message.	2
Time to start a new book. Needed some background music ?? thank you!!	2
"l i v e   l a u g h    l o s e r 
-Duncan 2021"	1
I love how they all highlight different spectrum of solo development!	2
Im sooooo excited for the abundant nature	2
The rate at which you're growing is amazing. You had 2K Subscribers 2 months ago and now you have over 30K. Wish you the best for the future of this channel!	2
I would love to see you do an actual no makeup makeup look!	2
Logan all I can say is thank you. Thank you for being consistent for more than 15 years and always thinking about the fans. This video is going to be truly the end of something and we all know it's going to be amazing because everything you post is. You have kept us entertained throughout so much. I've been watching your videos for over 7 years and it hasn't gotten old. I think you have truly built something special, and for that, I can only thank you.	2
Your songs are so nice, one after another, you never tire of listening, the more you listen, the better you listen, and the more you listen, the more you want to listen! great ! ????	2
Only in Splatoon games, they keep making the foreheads bigger.	1
"Nick: ""How about you guys all attack him at once.""
Archers on the Cliffs: ""So anyway,  we started blasting."""	1
What bothers me is we can create an AI with the prime directive of helping and protecting humanity. Then someone can come along and create AIs with the prime directive of aiding and protecting a group that has nefarious aims.	0
If machines are so good at learning, maybe they can start teaching soon!	2
you deserve a peace prize for single handedly teaching every student on zoom university	2
The early bird and night owl thing totally makes sense. People would have to take turns defending the tribe, so different sleep schedules makes sense.	1
Bahot hard	1
this song is perfect for late night drive	2
Ironically, I spent my internet on this. Didn't regret.	2
Independientemente de que DD salga en She Hulk le tengo muchas ganas a la serie	1
and she did it all by wearing a white shirt and not getting any stains on it???? I'm even more impressed....	2
While this movie is very low budget and not what I thought it was gona be it makes a great point ive been slowly prepping for a while and have one hell of a bugout bag and i advise everybody do the same stock up while you can cause when the SHTF ITS TOO LATE	2
Wonderful video!  I  first got into <BTC back in 2016 and have been hodling/buying sats at different price points since.  I've been through corrections before and will likely experience more over the future.  Volatility is simply the price one needs to pay if they want to play.  I don't have any Alts as I'm a bit of a BTC Maxi, but that said, if BTC hasn't died before, it surely won't do so now.  Stick in there - yes we are all feeling the pain, but over the long run this will just be a blip.  This is how I see past corrections when I felt that I got in at a high (back then I think it was less than $1000 and bouncing all over the place!).  Now when I look back, all I see is regret for not having the courage in buying more at those times. But if you believe BTC has value, then by all means, buy these dips if you can afford to.  For those who got in at 60 or 70K and feeling the crunch:  hang in there.  BTC is not a get rich quick scheme.  Wait it out and you will see:  you will come away stronger.  I buy and just trade long term more than ever, I have made over 9.5  BTC with 2.4btc in just 5weeks from day trading with Expert MR Jacob Carlson Crypto in few weeks this is one of the best medium to backup your assets incase it goes bearish. Technical analysis is my second language <You can reach MR Jacob Carlson on   ?eI???m JacobCarlson10	1
A decade ago and yet, it beats current music.	1
OMG! Chapelle is the greatest!!???? Great reaction!!????	2
Hikaru continually having Magnus' back and showing him great respect is why, despite his flaws, I am still a Hikaru fan.	2
"Yo automaticamente ya me salto el avance inicial (+2min) hasta despus de la intro y ya tranquilamente escucho todo.
Qu ganas de Direct! ?? ?? ??"	2
Did he just repeat everything a bunch of times ??	1
Stop Overthinking - Lofi Music - Lofi Hip Hop Mix ~ Music to put you in a better mood	2
The offer values PMG at around $82.5 million	1
sometimes i come here to sleep, sometimes i come here for commentary, sometimes i come here for gameplay. you really have it all and i love watching someone whos passionate abt what they do and is as much of a geek as i am! keep up the incredible work :D	2
Just wanted to comment about how much I love these videos. Last year while applying for PhDs I was searching for passions. In a discussion with my friend (a computer scientist), I accidentally outlined genetic programming without knowing it. My friend told me so and I went researching. Found these videos and became enthralled. Now I have a PhD studentship in soft robotics and plan to use SINDy to help with modelling and control and honestly think that giving machines brains may be my future work too. Thanks Brunton, my passion was helped by your own.	2
Just so we're clear, army drill sergeants aren't allowed to do a lot of this stuff in most countries. Sleep deprivation and injuries kills actual learning regardless how determined everyone is.	0
Saving this one for when I'm going to sleep since the first few minutes already made me so relaxed and sleepy ????	2
So many quality of life upgrades, gameplay upgrades, and things the fanbase has been asking for have now been included. This game truly is set apart from splat 2. Thank you so much Nintendo and Splat3 dev team. You all did amazing ??	2
I have a suggestion for a mechanic that can be easily implemented into this game in a potential update. I suggest making the Cannons functional, allowing The Hides and The Seekers to launch themselves across the map using the cannons.	1
Opopopopopopopopopopopopopop	1
??? ??? ???????? ???????? ??? ???? ???????? ???? ????    ???? ????? ?? ?????? ?? ????????? ???? ??? 7???? ???	1
My favorite example of weird evolution is the Aldabra rail, a small flightless bird that lived on a single island and went extinct when the island sunk. Later when sea levels dropped, its ancestor migrated back to the island and re-evolved into the same species	1
Floating cities sound pretty promising, as free land is already scarce. The question is who will rescue the cities from violent storms, or protect them from armed pirates. A floating city will need its own defenses, but will that be allowed within the 12 mile territorial limit?	1
As much as I was excited for What if..? and  X'Men'97 but now that mature rating for Marvel Zombies (which it should) is confirmed, its definitely on the top of my list of series to watch when it comes it...	2
"We live in Northern California. Took a ride through the destruction.
No doubt about it, I've seen what napalm can do. And it burns at 2,000, where aluminum melts. There were many trees standing in untouched by the flames. And right next to it was a vehicle whose aluminum wheels melted down the driveway. Yeah right, no doubt about it."	0
I would be more worried, that most apps today are collecting crazy amounts of personal data and nobody is allowed to talk about that.	0
Awesome as always ???? No hype. No moon talk. Just the charts and the facts. Perfect! Thanks Jase. ????????	2
Interesting information about how settling down created inequalities in the access to food and the dawn of big food companies, but there's nothing about cooking. So, how did ancient people learn how to cook? I'm still waiting to find out.	1
Yes these are the beats I love??	2
Every time I watch your videos about philosophy, literature, psychology and sociology I am left with one very unsatisfying thought: there are so many books in the world that I want to read and don't feel like I will ever have the time to though I'm only in my early 20's.	0
I have two things that I would like to say: First, this video helped me get very relaxed for sleep! Thank you, Kelly! The second thing is that I really like that there aren't any negative comments in this community (at least not that I've seen). It's refreshing to see people being helpful and kind to each other for a change ?	2
Soooo good! I love it and Mr. Mishra's smart humor! Very good overview with some fun laughs in it too!	2
If you are going to start a vending business, giving customers the option to use cards will increase your sales a ton. Fewer people carry cash, especially in small denominations. The customer with larger bills will not use your machines until they break their bill at another retailer. Which will likely have snacks and drinks at their POS for impulse purchases.	1
Such a great and relevant session! Each of the panelists had a ton of valuable insights to offer. Thank you!	2
Can we take a moent to appreciate how much time and effort he puts in the videos for us??	2
Zaten bir-iki istisna d???nda futbolumuz komikten ?teye ge?emedi ??????	0
really value of an IIT or IIM is not in their curriculum, it's in the students who get into these institutions after beating lakhs of people.	1
i'm glad I got into crypto when I did because its been a turning point for me financially,been my best decision so far.	2
I love that preston is back on bedwars and with walli! without a texture pack (pro plays)	2
React to the full movie, you will definitely enjoy it..	2
"10:00 this is an extremely hard coding task. It deals with a custom data-type, implies the iteration and verification of the end. I wasted 40 minutes and didn't resolve it, all the solutions I have found, include flattering with a separate method, than iterating and len() verification. And the task is formalized in a way, that next() and hasNext() methods should be enough to do the flattening (which is again more difficult).
I am not sure if it is a suitable task for a middle software developer in a fortune-500 company coding interview. Comparing this with the ""explanation of the gradient descend"" is like chalk and cheese."	0
I am going to sit through this and pretend I understand every word of it.	1
wowo nice video! i love it	2
as usual ELON was right about everything.	2
Vids like these are definitely a service for looking out for everyone to avoid buying crap and hype in dashcams. Well done in the research! Thanks LTT!	2
Merci Jvm toujours au top gr?ce a vous 3 dead Island sur srie x pour moins de 6 EUR c gnial merci pour le tuyaux	1
Peter Leko ??.  4:54:58 ??....Pragyanantha good effort man ??	2
I love the passion and professionalism of the teachers. I work as an educator.	2
"3:34 the way he stared directly into the camera with that concerned expression and ominous music playing and said ""Get out."" made me literally laugh out loud so hard"	2
Like I said in the video, subscribe if you havent already and you could win $10,000!	2
Great lesson! True Words!	2
im chronically ill and very frequently find it difficult to eat, watching eating asmr has worked wonders to help with nausea and motivate me to eat. thank you for all you do!!!!	2
Id love to get the 14 pro. Itd be a ni e upgrade from my 11. But its sooo expensive.	2
"I'm sorry but the way he said ""you're poor"" took me out. I was not expecting to cackle the way I did at that lol"	0
Yes, an Insane Biology of carnivorous plants! Im an amateur CPs grower on my free time and a fan of the channel, its the perfect combination. Though on 1:38, arent waterwheels (aldrovanda) traps also snap traps? I believe bladderworts (utricularia) are the ones with suction traps.	2
I'd die of a heart attack seeing a spider like that, behind my clock.	0
I actually think that Blaze Rods could be used with Glow Ink Sacs to make glow sticks if Java/Bedrock were to have them.	2
50 is one of the few who has truly studied the industry for years and is now reaping what he has sown. Every time he interviews he drops jewels ?? Hate him or love him but you gotta respect him.	2
Very nice Video. Enjoyed it. .	2
"Do you have more questions about Figma? Leave them in the comments below ??
And if you want to become a UX designer but don't know how to get started check out our video on that topic ?? https://youtu.be/t0aCoqXKFOU"	1
"""""""""I Respect every one who were involved in this, seriously the best piece that I've ever seen on YouTube, hats off to well all  ! Love your videos  ????????????"	2
"I gave my 19 year old son the Joshua Weismann cookbook for Easter. (Im a mom of grown males, I use any excuse to gift my kids things.) He sends me recipes so I can shop them before he comes out to my house. He didnt really cook before crackin your book. He then brings the cookbook with him so we can cook meals together...something his older brother and I have done since he was four. Its nice. ???????? 
We will be doing some similar combos, once he watches this video...guaranteed! ??"	2
She's awesome! The people behind the animations and editing don't get the recognition they deserve either - really high quality stuff :).	2
The song everytime, I swear to god its gonna be Andrew Tate theme song one day ??	1
FBI need to shut this down now! Before its too late.	1
"Level 1: he teaches
Level 2: he teaches a little bit deeper
Level 3: he has a basic conversation, but he knows a little more
Level 4: they both know about the same and have a back and forth discussion 
Level 5: *he gets taught by the interviewee*"	1
Tried all these steps after watching this video and I nailed every one of em except I almost lost my balance lol	2
This playoff series and 2-game match format is absolutely insane! 10/10 ????????	2
3:11 Daniel ricciardo, how amazing	2
Our legal system is broken. Loopholes exist that allow the wealthy to avoid the sort of jail time that would have been inflicted on someone who can't afford elite lawyer representation. I get sick of it, but I'm not sure what a challenge to the status quo would look like.	0
"Theme: death is only the beginning 

Benbonk: *makes Elden Ring*"	1
Luffy doesn't just have 5600 people under him. He also has supporters from all the places he been. From Alabasta, Skypiea, Fishman island, and etc. He has allies everywhere ??. Our boys making it to the big leagues	2
Huge respect for the camera man! (Who also survived)	2
To The Lighthouse changed my conception of what writing could achieve. It's one of the finest novels I've ever encountered, and I entreat whomever sees this comment to read it.	2
Thanks<, for all you do! I like your truthful coverage. Mad respect for educating everyone. BTC's price has been fluctuating lately, but I think we should be educating the newbies on what to do aside holding rather than discussing about the dip. The good thing about the space is that you can buy the dips and put them into active trades making profits from trades while confidently waiting for a pump in price because it is inevitable. Most people do not understand how the space works. Your advantage is understanding, Charts wont guarantee what an asset is going to do. Prices will go up or down. Nevertheless, the market has been so profitable despite price ups and down. I've always played safe implementing trades with insights and signals from a renowned trader,   Ruby Benally . I made 8.5 BTC from the recent crash in the market within a period of five weeks.	2
I appreciate this, I'm a biology major about to take chemistry 2 in the fall but I feel like I haven't truly grasped my first chemistry class yet	1
"Je suis tranquillement en train de regarder une vod de MV sur Issac.
Et la paf une vido de M4f avec crit DU SANG ET DES CRANES !!! Merci M4f de toujours me faire marrer."	1
He can play guitar, keyboard, tabla, piano, ????????????, ??????????, ??????????????????, ???????????????? and many more..... He can sing,      play instruments, can compose... Also	1
"[  ]  [v] ?EXCELENTE
 Western Clsico y me encanta muy _Boomsex.UnO_ buena pelcula. Saludos desdes Arenillas, Repblica del Ecuador, *Sudamrica. Gracias y bendiciones * soludosss.."	1
As always, I'm stoked to see another impeccable documentary from you. Keep them coming!	2
I don't care what anyone says about it or how it's not comic accurate, I absolutely adore this movie	2
Once a Hulk, always a Hulk.	1
Love it	2
"Ok, cool, the ball boat.
My question is, how do you launch it?
Traditional boats come off a trailer when you dip them in the water. Looks to me as if you need a crane for the ball boat."	1
Singhayo...singhayo...kiyala umbalama muddharayak ghaganna Epa. Dhan peechan kiyala anith rataval vala eun Katha karana Ava rata inna Api thamaiii dhanne ...??	1
Boy, that escalated quickly. I mean, that really got out of hand fast. C?Ron Burgundy.	0
The song is great, I advise you to listen with headphones ???	2
3Blue1Brown of Computer Science. Brilliant video.	2
so refreshing to have a manager who's not afraid to make big decisions	2
"Each one of these has blown my mind, more so than the last. It's so cool and so relaxing!
What's next?  ""your hair is rocks"" or ""your hair is flowing lava""?"	2
The third game looks like it will change into an creepypasta type of game	1
"Giliw 'di mapigil ang bugso ng damdamin ko
Mukhang mapapa-amin mo amin mo
Giliw nagpapahiwatig na sa'yo
Ang damdamin kong napagtanto na gusto kita"	1
"RESPEKT NGA SHQIPET E LONDRES   
????????"	1
   )))     . , ??	1
That 1 lag man ???? absolutely legend hats off melt my heart..	2
"Huge respect for Jimmy. Always taking ""next level"" to the next level."	2
No wonder why Indians are so good in Mathematics and Chess games.	2
The things Absorber has to embrace for these videos is amazing. You have my full respect.	2
??? ?????? ?? ???????? ?? ???? ??????	1
LOFI Community is the peaceful and non-toxic place I've ever found.	2
judging by angel and leo's reactions it seems like guga's cooking just gets better and better every video!	2
Great ideas Gillian! Thank you! We have a Youtube channel and wanted to turn our content into podcasts!	2
Its awesome to see how far your zoo has come! It looks amazing but I think your macaws would be a lot happier in a larger enclosure	2
Another botw2 trailer would be great, that or Wind Waker and Twilight Princess for switch announcement	2
This was hilarious! Keep going!	2
Dude keep up the great work. I owe a large part of my undergrad success to you. And you are still making boss videos and improving your lessons! Thank you very much	2
"More hair videos please ????
These are great"	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin  18kissx.Uno
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer  
2 ( elecciones ) 9.5/10 3 ( culturales ) 9.3/
????????
10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:11 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy :
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 
15:15
Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial "	1
"-Eres un dolo --amd.releasemovie.Uno-- siempre en mi corazn-
hermosa, amor, elecciones, culturales. 


Son unos de los mejores conciertos.


10:10 Hopi:  amd.mediafire.Uno
Sweeter 
11:12 Sun:  
Hotter 
00:18 Joonie:  
Cooler 
18:00 Yoongy:  
Butter 
23:21 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ma?as no se la"	1
If Liverpool don't sign at least 2 players (midfielders) before the transfer window closes, making top 4 will be very difficult and as for VVD, looks like he is getting too complacent this season	0
I understand wanting a bigger base storage, but keep in mind, they are still upgrading a lot of the hardware. It still costs extra monies for the camera and stuff.	1
Lets all admit it we are here because of Thumbnail!	1
That desk pc is now on my bucket list! ??	2
Fortunately artists dont pay too much attention to philosophers ????	1
"After going through and seeing the user interface, the ""download"" button is not as prominent as the ""proceed to purchase"" button is obvious.  I can see people hitting the purchase button thinking that will get them to where they need to go, but then they see that they have to pay for it and get frustrated.  I have some experience with UX/UI design so that stands out."	0
Finally, the first guy on YT that's not a straight A overachiever student at an elite T15 school. I quit school after struggling and finding out I had ADHD, I've been wanting to learn programming/CS topics, this video helped put things into perspective that I can still make it even if I'm not a top student at a top school. Thanks for the video!	2
Just imagine how would the noodles taste like if there was cheetos mixed with it ??	1
If you do not mind me asking, what was your major in college? And did it help you towards your progress in blogging/business?	1
"His freshmen year of highschool, he could only throw 78 mph 

Me whos a senior and still hasnt broken 75 ????"	1
PC gamepass keeps getting better thank you	2
After all the years I have been interested in physics, I love finding out new things about how the discoveries were  made, and the people involved.	2
this video gives me such old school youtube, whenever everyone was doing these chill, informative, makeup tutorials ??	2
"1 - incredibly excited for the fairy post office!! (The tiny envelopes and wax seals!!)
2 - I adore the idea of a pen shop role play
3 - I like both show and tell and trigger videos. You should make whichever one you feel like at the time"	2
Try using the replay mod, then it will render the physics with (hopefully) a higher framerate	2
really addictive, I don't believe it and I'm still here ?????????	0
"I find it interesting that when law enforcement does its job, these ""gentlemen "" would choose to Obstruct the persuit of justice rather than support investigators doing their jobs."	0
"Love BnB, especially when they have the launchpool/pad running.
Would love to see you cover VeChain and what your thoughts are on it"	2
Maybe he could have a pet wolf with a revolver in its mouth that follows him around and when you right click the wolf shoots in that direction and can hit an enemy.	1
That's a fantastic video, i don't watched full but the way he taught is absolutely amazing. It will very beneficial if the videos are of 1 hour length and divided in playlist so that if a person don't have enough data balance can download one chunk at a time. It is very difficult to watch the video of this length at a time.	2
I'm looking forward to this and because Tatiana Maslany is so talented! Her 4th wall interaction reminds me of her character/s from Orphan Black. I'll bet this'll be funny :D	2
Just woke up and another amazing mix was uploaded. I gotta say, today is gonna be a good day. ??	2
The fact that Raphael Warnock is leading by only four points should allow the world to see that something is very, very wrong with the voters of the United States.	0
Thank you so much for this wonderful online turtorial, I am a beginner to ML and this tutorial are so helpful. May I ask where can I get the data that has been used in this video for practice? Thank UUUU!	2
"What do you do for a living?
I rickroll my viewers with cubes i broke down"	1
Fantastic documentary ! Hope we as humans preserve all of the species, and for that matter, all animal/plant life for generations to come. Snow Leopards are just astonishing !	2
@Tingman, Greetings from the inventor and founder of the company! Thank you! For my taste, you made the highest quality video review of the cube! Thanks a lot!  Ilya Osipov	2
Studying computer science is my dream. Due to circumstances, I unfortunately couldn't study it. I am still trying my best to learn a little about it through online courses while working.	1
Von was a real one gone but never forgotten	1
Damn, a data scientist is just someone who is really good at a lot of hard things.	2
"10min break timer starts:


Me: (turns to stuffed animal) what'd you think about that reading section-"	1
"""Physicists are not quitters""....you've saved my life :)"	2
"23:23   -Hermosa eleccin- 18kissx.uno
los mortales abian -apreciado tan hermosa mujer- 

10:10 Hopicmdh:
-Sweeter-
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
-Butter-
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se lacmdh 

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genia"	1
Waiting for Big billions day sale??	2
After watching Google IO I could see myself switching fully over to the google/pixel ecosystem. Google is creating a nice little apple rival with all this new stuff coming out over the next year or so, If the watch is close to Apple Watch and the tablet connects seamlessly similar to iPad and my iPhone, I might just make the jump.	2
Was not expecting this collab! Thank you for the daily content you always kill it for us :D	2
"I wasn't really expecting any new formula for the Single Player & Im completely fine with the stuff you mentioned. Maybe they'll explore new things in the paid DLC

From the trailers I've seen & your gameplay, you get shot onto the stage for Turf Wars & Anarchy Battles thus getting rid of team specific spawn areas. Perhaps that's what made the maps feel bigger? Can't wait to see how they update the Splatoon/Splatoon 2 stages"	2
"Seven Hundred documents, each one for sale for $50 Million each can be quite a nice retirement fund.  Remember, Trump has always been a transactional person and what he figures is ""his"", he feels perfectly in the right to sell - to give as a gift for some favor."	2
The name Rocky couldnt possibly be more fitting. Absolutely amazing win faced with such adversity.	2
"9:00 for those who don't know...the ""giant megalodon"" is simply just a normal and harmless whale shark. You can tell by the white spots covering its back and its round head. Though I am a believer of Megs still existing, it's very clear from the gate way that this find, isn't as rare or ""mega"" as they think."	1
"Hats off to the camera man who traveled with the food ????


Edit1: 586 likes ? tnq for the likes guys . I never got this"	2
She has a lot of potential to become a rapper	2
"ludwig: plays moves that are 300 elo ahead
also ludwig: misses a hanging rook"	1
Don't ask me how I posted this 3 hours before the official Apple announcement. I am not a wizard, I do not own a time machine. Please disregard all rumors saying I own a time machine.	0
They really should be doing more for this console. This is the more widely available console opposed to the ps5 and series x.	1
"Okay everyone scroll down to see the correct answers for the problem!
.
.
.
.
.
.
1. Polygon! All meshes are made from polygons. Within games polygons must be 3 sided/triangles, though typically in animation and 3D design polygons are 4 sided. 
2. Code! All it needs is code so we can start giving the ball commands on what to do and when. 
3. 3D in almost all scenarios will run slower in comparison. Almost anything can slow down a game though, an 8k 2D image with an intense shader/material will put a lot more stress on the game than a normal 3D model."	1
"Perhaps you folks should consider changing the name of this vid to ""Not really much about Prehistoric Peoples cave paintings""   ??"	1
I use Unity every day, and it's great. It's like an all-rounder game engine. Unreal is more of a 3D, artist-focused engine. So choose Unity if you're more of a programmer and want to make cross-platform and various games. Choose Unreal if you only want to make 3D games, and you're more of an artist. If you're still not sure, just go with Unity.	2
Aaronson becoming a star is awesome to see, as well as Marschs slap handshake at the end.	2
I havent laughed this hard because of someones content in sooooo long. thanks so much for this incredible content man	2
Imagine losing the cursor on that screen and trying to find it ??	0
Always a great watch ??	2
"Lazarbeam: don't search that

Me: searches everything's he says don't"	1
Huge props to the set designers, everything was spot on!	2
Bless your cotton socks, this is getting me through my morning PhD work sesh xx	2
Descanse em paz nosso rei, meu rei T'challa. Wakanda para sempre.	1
Are you good at chess?	1
"As someone who got away from an unknown ""prophetess"" who shared a similar view, it's scary that he actually has a following. While it is hilarious, and admirable someone trolled their book burning, I find it scary.

Since that only served to strengthen and prove him right in his mind, and in his following. I'm just scared if they actually start to become dangerous. To that man and us, it's a trolling joke, but to those people and Greg, it's real and not a game."	0
"With every episode I've been able to say ""So that's how that works"" at the end of it. Can't wait until next Wednesday."	2
600 species of carnivorous plants? Wow! And how did I never know that Venus Fly Trap & Pitcher Plants were both native to the US, I had always assumed they were exotic tropical plants. This was a fascinating & informative video ??	2
Thats a bit mean to call it scary, many people love it and find it cute. It took so long to make and Im sure the creator would be upset people dislike the appearance.	1
This post is so valuable and so honest. I am very grateful for this content, I have been making losses trying to make profit trading. I thought trading demo account is just like trading the real market... can anyone help me out or at least advise me on what to do?	2
I haven't laughed like this for years! Oh my gosh Arun, you've nailed this one! - Wendi ??	2
Immortal Classics! I am now 71 and saw this classic during my teens on the big screen! Am still a big fan of Yul Brynner, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, James Coburn, Robert Vaughn and Elly Wallace! Rest in Peace my teenage heroes!!!	2
I've seen terribly executed fake versions of this but your videos are by far the most authentic and hilarious Omegle skip prank videos	2
i like the part where he said the dept of education will no longer allow predatory loans so this doesnt happen again!	1
Slava Ukraini !! I really hope that Mr. Dugin knows what the pain is when losing your shared ones.. like all the parents in Ukraine who lost daughters, sons, babies,Mom and Dad during that sad war !	0
"Eyes:satisfied 
Ears: nice music 
Stomach:not at all satisfied"	1
"Le pire ac de l'univers "" c'est un des meilleurs assasin "" c'est sur qu'il a jamais touch ac"	1
Best explanation of machine learning????	2
LOW AND DEVICE+LOW FRAME RATES +RECORDING LAG+ LESS VIEWS-BUT I HAVE FAITH IN MY SKILLS WILL ALSO RISE LIKE YOU! ??????????	2
Very impressed with Leeds United so far. Love how Aaronson has no quit in him and has a lot of heart. Glad to see American players doing well in the Premier League with Aaronson and Adams. Hope they keep this up throughout the season!	2
Still the best fight of the series to date. And that pop of the gatling is still the most satisfying sound in the show.	2
"Can't stress ""Making more CS Friends"" enough! ??"	2
3:19 Something I noticed that is SO small, but such a good detail is instead of abruptly stopping, they gradually skid to a stop. Amazing detail :)	2
"6/18(?) & 7/2(?)
??? SAT ???? ?? ??? 
?? ???? ? https://bit.ly/3OdEUvc"	1
Love these accessories. You always make great videos	2
Semra is absolutely brilliant. She needs to be on regularly during transfer windows. You go girl!	2
Going from a civil rights lawyer representing the ACLU to calling it an honor to rep Trump and Bannon is a very weird bag	0
Really inspiring talk. Thank you so much	2
It's scary to know he is actually being serious, you would honestly think this was a character he had made up ??	0
"12 a?os que se cre 1D, la razn por la que sigo viva, los extra?o:(
LOS AMO<3"	1
New subscriber bro	1
"""There needs to be a trust rating""
The dislike button that got removed to ""protect smaller creators"": ??????"	1
You're doing a good job ma, and I want you to know that your presence and work are acknowledged and they're helping us reach our targets and goals thanks for the 4.3BTC I mine from your mining platform	2
Kindly compare it with Asus tuf dash i5 12th gen 3050 2022	1
Joe Should give Liz some kind of appointment in his administration. That would shake things up.	1
I took mine in March and Im not happy with my score so Im retaking in in 2 weeks, June.  This video has been an amazing help. Just finished the first one and about to move on to the next one. Great video and fantastic explanation.	2
One of the most interesting, informative and thought-provoking discussions   I have ever seen. Thanks guys.??	2
Great effort Matthew. You never cease to amaze me with your ideas always seeming too top the previous.	2
I just realized that in every video when zhc works by himself he wins all the time	2
"My ex is a teacher, and while we were together she was creating a multiple-choice practice test for her class before their GCSE's. But the trick was that she designed the test so that every answer was ""C,"" and laughed at the thought of her students panicking over getting option C for everything."	1
Cala Maria has become so popular, even her words have become relish to the internet	2
Said a whole lot of nothing as always.	0
Parabns pela entrevista Luciano !!!!!!	1
"""a fan for your switch is useless""
""haha here's a dust cover"""	0
"This was HIGHLY requested! Feel free to leave questions in the comments below ??
00:00 - Introduction/My Scores
00:56 - Who/What/When/Where/Why/How 
05:25 - SAT Test Portion
07:08 - Study Plan (books, resources)
11:02 - SAT Subject Tests and PSAT"	1
"Can we all just take a moment to appreciate how eloquent, polite, professional, and serious both the interviewer and interviewee are. I'm just in awe at how well the conversation flowed. Especially, I was amazed by how well Blake Lemoine speaks. He answers the questions effortlessly with almost no hesitation, pondering, or searching for words and he does so without any of the common idiosyncrasies we typically see with people who are for the most part extremely intelligent, but inexperienced at doing televised interviews.

Kudos to Emily Chang and Blake Lemoine both for having such a civil and compelling conversation."	2
I wonder if some of these systems could be studied in the two organisms I know of that go into a frozen stasis during winter. Perhaps as the thaw begins to occur some of the bio- quantum mechanical features could be observed and measured.	1
Now to get ready for Gamescom!	2
"Montero - Lil Nas X 0:00

Beggin' - Maneskin 2:18

I Wanna Be Your Slave - Manskin 5:50

Industry Baby - Lil Nas X 0:8:42

Kiss Me More - Doja Cat 12:27

Whats the prob Dog? - WISEKIDS, Ida Corr(I think?!) 16:05

Woman - Doja Cat 17:54

Need To Know - Doja Cat 20:46

Roses - Chainsmokers 24:18 

Ain't Shit - Doja Cat 28:04

Dusk Til' Dawn - ZAYN feat. Sia 31:07

5% - Travis Scott 34:57

Genius - LSD (I think?) 38:02

Pumped Up Kicks - Foster The People 41:35"	1
Espero que os antigos canais voltam a fazer vdeo melhores vdeos dkskkssk	1
At a time where were being told (especially as women) that you dont matter after 25 and you should live for a man, or your children:This conversation is so necessary! Well done Bevy! ????	2
After searching for a good Kubernetes tutorial for years, I believe I've finally found the best one! Thanks for a great content and getting directly to the point with the right balance of lecture and demo.	2
Brighton looking good even though they lost couple good players	2
Gotta love that hopium today George a bearish indicator thats actually bullish!thanks	2
My grandparents both immigrated from Ireland separately and had met and married in the USA. They discovered that they were both from Cork Ireland. They then discovered that they had grown up a street apart but had never met.	1
Awesome vid as always! Great job, Mark	2
I'm surprised by the environmental score going to Apple. Apple phones while made from recycled materials are made in such a way that makes repairs very difficult compared to most Android phones. One could argue that Apple's poor repairability contributes more to e-waste than Androids. Surprised that didn't get a mention.	0
Randomly saw this video on my feed. Like the vibe, nice and relaxing and this is the type of makeup I do on myself. Super hydrating, glowy and minimal.	2
For those who have seen and remembered Napoleon as a military man,a generale,an emperor,a historical figure,my sympathies are with them.But whoever has read and remembered Napoleon as a Philosopher........... ??. ??.	1
"In my opinion, Elon brings the hope that we all should have for our future. It's encouraging, in a sometimes discouraging place to be. I'm sure there are many more like him on our planet, and hopefully they will join forces to continue to make our future a brighter place to live. Rather, than some who are here for their personal gain, and greed, not thinking of the future past their own. Something absolutely needs to be done about a government that is allowed to take our money and continuously send it across the world WITHOUT our approval as a whole, and while leaving their own country in such a way that we are letting our people die in the streets, letting drugs go rabid, people starving including myself at times, because the cost of food is out of reach, allowing the crime rate to increase to levels that there is fear to wear a flashy watch that you yourself have worked hard to have, allowing for housing to be so expensive that even on minimum wage you can't afford your own apartment. Something must be done, both at the state & government level. 

I have trust in Elon. He may not have all of the answers, nor should he... Just the fact that ""truth"" matters to him more than anything, shows that you can get onboard with his ideas, and plans for a better future for us all. Christina"	2
His dedication and sincere response when I first contacted him is amazing, he does his work effortlessly they are just the best.	2
I would just like to say that Audio software wise you have saved me so much research. Thank you for making this video and keep up the great work!	2
The race to dethrone world's hardest swing coming soon	1
"Dil ko chune wali movis 
90 ki film bahut achi hai??
Our singer ki behtrin aawaj ????"	2
Make sure to check your answer sheet with someone next to you during the test!	1
great video! thanks for clearing that up and explaining the various elements of so many different roles in this field! very helpful.	2
Michael Scott doesn't really change as much as some people say this season. We, as the audience, just get to know him better, and have a better understanding of what motivates his behavior. Kelly is the one who really changes. That happens about 5 or 6 episodes in to season 2.	1
imagine being a resistance member in 1940s and you're able to kill a higher rank member of germany just to have some dude fly in the air and yell at you for RDM	0
Chris and Jimmy have such a good energy together	2
"I was just one of the person's that asked for adventures with Purpose to come in and help. I have watched this team for a long while now. They are the very best !! I wish them safety and hope.
I'm praying this young lady is found soon. Best of luck to these men. If she is in the water , they will find her."	2
Fort ????	2
Just saying that ever since Cory shaved them eyebrows, he has been straight fire in battles.	2
"At Google Headquarters:
""Why is everyone searching google for lasagna?"""	1
Product market me nahi bikri hua to kya upay hi.company product legi market me cell hua nahi to.kyoki or bhi compani hi	1
"""Yea, it sucked to watch my portfolio tank in real time. But I also knew that while stocks lose 36% on average in bear markets, they gain 114% in bull markets. So I ignored the news, kept buying more index funds, and waited.""
- Millionaire in 2025 talking about investing in 2022"	0
Ac odyssey un des meilleur assassins creed ??	0
Its cool that both editions have there own features to themselves, java with timed combat, slab crouching and crawling and bedrock with crossplay, potion cauldron, armor stand arms and some other stuff that i forgot	2
Naka salute si andong habang ngumunguya eh no di parin nakahintay HAHAHA	1
You make my day so happy I love watching your vids	2
The video was only posted 5 hours ago and I already got off work, went to the grocery store, made it, and am eating it as we speak. And unsurprisingly ITS GOOD!	2
I would love a multiplayer classic DOOM type of game, that would be dope	2
"He specified ""One Box exclusives"", in the market those exclusives are necessary in order to get subscribers, if all the services are the same there won't be no point in services, it's like with Netflix and Diseny +, exclusive content but that is allowed to come out on Blue ray from Disney, but not on Netflix. Same thing for services."	1
bonjour ,je vous ai cris ,mais vous ne rpondez pas ??	0
"""Cult of the Lamb"" great indie roguelike game!"	2
I love zhc and soup Timmys videos	2
Nice video! Hands down your channel has delivered the most useful information to me and my future. Not to mention interesting videos like this one. I've been doing discrete math stuff and so it's refreshing to learn about more continuous and applied math concepts.	2
I love the part when Kirby is quickly eating the 50 Strawberry Cake. I imagine all this fun stuff from Kirbys Epic Yarn when he couldnt contain himself from a giant cake. I dont care either, gotta love that cake!	2
Honestly I appreciate you and your content < Technical Analysis is good but I find It truly baffling that major crypto youtubers just look mostly at pure T.A and completely ignore the bigger narrative of why BTC is pumps/pumped and why the future outlook will be even rosier than it seems. It's kinda irresponsible to ignore the fact that each ETF launch so far has caused a major dump at the peaks of BTC. We were already on shaky footing with historically low volume and almost pure whale pumps,narrowly avoiding a long-term bear market. More emphasis should be put into day tradiing as it is less affected by the unpredictable nature of the market. I have made over 3.5 BTC from day trad!ng with Liberton Corp insights and charts. His been one step ahead of other analysis..Stick with BTC/ETH/BNB/ADA/MATIC...	0
Love these tips! Being confident in interviews is so hard. Mainly because we are so hard on ourselves and the stakes are high! The #1 tip about being comfortable in the space is HUGE. Being present helps you get out of your head and stop any spiraling before it starts. Visualizing beforehand was mentioned, but it can be a total game changer. By visualizing yourself answering the questions and killing it in the interview, your brain will be trained for that scenario.	2
"You would have done the same, you just didnt think of it first
Such an underrated moment"	1
Amma annam tinaka pothe boochodu ethuku pothadu ani bayapettunattu.minga leka - kakka leka janalu sachipothunnaru.	1
Hi! Ive been kind of in a state of stupor since the 2022 school year ended. Im a rising high school sophomore and this video got me EXTREMELY motivated !! The SAT is still relatively far in the future for me, but I wanted to prepare ahead of time. I will keep all your tips in mind! I wanted to thank you for getting me motivated again :D good luck in your studies !!!	2
This channel always has the best music for studying. Definitely using this to study Japanese later. Have a good day everyone! ????	2
Can we just appreciate that he scrambled the pieces to make this video	1
Major Gaurav Arya always rock ????	2
i Am Leaving a Comment Here As a Reminder So That Whenever Someone Likes This Comment And i Get a Notification & i Come Here To Listen This Masterpiece Again	1
I have this playing in the background 24/7 and its really helped me out during school, studying , reading and anything social.	2
Esse vdeo  incrvel	1
I have encountered bears while hiking  in Alaska (photographed the ??  in my pic), but the mountain lion clips actually  freaked me out the most.	0
Only 3 are of these things can be considered life saving the rest are good to know but if u don't know your not going to die	1
"I'm from Brazil, and I heard ranchers telling stories such as about _that_ time their grandpa saw a harpy lifting a newborn calf duting his youth, or _that_ day a harpy snatched a hound in Gois. Clearly exagerations, wild tales, but it shows the reverence, respect and even fear the Harpy commands on people. 

Also, the state police here where I'm from has _Harpia_ as a callsign their helicopters."	0
I love how organized and clean your food and house is :>	2
"How I learn a language at school. 
*MEMORIZING A 5k WORD ESSAY BY HEART* 
*MEMORIZING LONG IDIOMS BY HEART*
*MEMORIZING 20 TWENTY WORD LITERATURE QUESTIONS BY HEART*
*SCORES WELL FOR TEST *
*FORGETS EVERYTHING WHAT I LEAERNT AFTER A DAY*"	1
Gamescon had quite a few games that peaked my interests but that sony edge controller was the most intriguing. Looks like we can hot swap joysticks which could be a fix to combat drift.	2
"My take... Probably messed some up...

1. The cane gets stabilized by the fact that the lighter side of the cane gets less friction form Your finger than the heavier side, so that finger moves faster towards the COM of the cane. This causes the effect to flip and the fingers slowly align themselves around the center of mass...
2. The phone is not evenly weighed, so spinning it in some axis would make it destabilize, right...? Well, the same effect is observed when spinning a brick (it fell on my foot... twice... while I tested that) that I played around with. I believe this effect occurs because of the fact that the center of mass of the brick/phone is in the middle of the whole object, so rotating it around the axis that allows more mass to rotate around further from the COM will work because the particles far away have to have less momentum, the spin is easier. On the other hand, spinning the phone the other way makes more particles have more energy, so this state is unstable. The phone starts to spin in a way that makes some of the particles decelerate, which is a more stable state (rhyme unintended). The same thing is observed when spinning around and then extending Your hands out, which causes You to decelerate.
3. This one is a bit of a troll... I tested deuterium water and distilled water... and the distilled one produced no (less) effect! Its not the water that is attracted to the cup, its the stuff in it (ions)!!!
4. The cereal contains some iron, which is magnetic. This makes it attracted to the magnet... Maybe, but what is interesting is that water and glass, fex, are pushed away by magnets... its diamagnetic! Anyways... Maybe the magnet makes like a small cavity in the water that the cereal falls into? I did not observe one, I do not know, but I did manage to destroy a box of good cereal and throw the cereal all over the floor!
5. Hot air rises. As the hot air creates a rising bubble, the material the tea bag is made out of slowly burns away. When it gets light enough, it slowly flies up...

Hope I am correct. :)

HAND! (Have a nice day...)

EDIT: Watched the answers video... :)"	1
"we aren't gonna talk about when she said 2i started slow but my ambition GRU"""	1
The transformation of these cakes are mind blowing!	2
"Bitcoin is only ""durable"" if there is electricity and network connections. In times of crisis and in many places around the world these things are unreliable. Also, if 'keys' are lost, the Bitcoins associated with them are gone forever."	0
"Their CHARISMA  is  on another level  
You can really  see how much they grow  confident  since  the last  time  they  preform ?"	2
"Nobody is born cool
Except Of Course
'The Organic Chemistry Tutor' who explains every topic in every subject a thousand times better than any teacher could, for free
:)"	2
"I love Sonny's enthusiasm to eat unfamiliar foods. He didn't show any grimace or fear of eating. By the way, we don't eat some of these foods everyday except for palabok, lomi and pares. Some foods are normally eaten during feasts and parties to enjoy with other people.
I love how Mr. Chui guides Sonny on Filipino dishes! More power to your show!!! ?????"	2
When it's difficult to want food, your videos genuinely help ??	2
He never misses with the detailed vid ??????	2
Great news! I passed my 2nd interview yesterday and got an offer letter by email today even though I was told it would take a few days or up to a week to hear back. This was made possible by watching your videos and how to answer the possible interview questions that would come up in a way that would set me apart from other candidates and employing the STAR technique when answering some of the questions instead of just giving a closed ended response. BTW I have already subscribed to your channel. Many thanks for your valuable advice!	2
Hello Asmr Gaming News, love ur videos?keep it up	2
I added a couple clips at the end from a video that got taken down, they were too good to be left in the vault	2
Being a politician should not be a career choice. Term limits for everyone.	0
Une bire sans alcool?!?!?! Rrroooooo ?? j'adore merci encore Leo ?	2
What if what inside a hydron collider?	1
Hy dear you're this channel is monetize?	1
simplemente increble, esto jams ser olvidado	1
This game should work 140% better based on graphics showcase. Devs nowadays are a joke with optimisations lol	2
He was one of the good leaders, damn brother and sisters throw away the western spectacles of viewing the world and do some reading not watching western news channel and social media.. ??and by this knowledge they would tell that oh we are knowledgable.	1
Youre friends with ZHC? Interesting	1
DEFINETELY use the honey block under villager trick, its incredibly helpful! also, i dont know if you can do this, but also try doing it with mobs. might be helpful when your capturing mobs for something (or someone??)!	2
Wow  ??????	2
"Scott literally killed them and won, and then they drag him back. Its like kids who used force fields when playing army at school.

(Wow how the fuck did this get so many likes I guess yall had a lot of goobers in your school too)"	0
I already took the Coursera course, but BOI was this a good refresher. Also helps me as a CS major have a clearer idea of what math I'll need to take. Thanks again!	2
This was amazing, we should be proud of our country	2
I was offered the position! I kept receiving rejection. I wasnt sure if it was due to my lack of experience (career change) or my interviewing skills. I literally binged watched Richards videos, wrote down my answers, and PRACTICED. So thankful to have come across these videos ????	2
"I come from Indie to AAA studio as game programmer. 
If there's something to add, every discipline has it own depths on knowledge, perfecting stuff like design pattern, design principle, code conventions, CI/CD pipeline, Automate Test, etc. (for programmers) is needed when your project grow. That come along as other department.
Maybe at the first time you think you won't need dedicated Project Manager that handling all daily task and scrum, but when project get larger, team gets bigger, you will need that one and for indie who grow to bigger company usually overwhelmed with this kind of situation. Heck, if you love making games later on you won't even touch the project as too many things on managerial you will handle on. 

If you just started game dev, make sure that one day what you want to become is pretty clear, will you create your own studio? or work for big companies? which discipline? what studio ? (this can be matter as a programmer / artist who need align their technology / artstyle).
There so much to prepare and I can't write all of those question in one post.

Hope everyone who read this post can consider your journey even harder, not make you scared of gamedev but thinking more critically because this could be your future work and huge part of your life."	1
"""Why should there be a height limit?""
_Minecrafters liked that_"	1
Dan continues to be a favourite for me. He's like the incredibly patient, but long-suffering Dad, who just gets on with things	2
For people complaining on the fake slide, it WAS absolutely legal at the time of the play and was a glaringly awful loophole in the rules. It was changed as a direct result of that play.	0
Austin is hilarious asf and he's my favorite YouTuber ever ??????	2
This is like the sixth time I've used this. Thank you so much this is so helpful!	2
appreciate what ya do for the GTA community ur damn hilarious and provide alot of tips and always willing to help out other players either that or troll them which at times I'll admit is fun.	2
"Thank you so much for the insight on data science as a ""new path"". I have degree on agriculture and now I'm just starting on takin course, professional certification and etc in data science (I'm more interested into this stuff than my main degree tbh lol). Mainly just to get into DS job, and also getting new skill to go along with my main degree seems pretty nice addition,"	2
"I think for the price (I got mine used for 180 euros) paired with a nice 24"" 1080p IPS monitor the Series S is very good value. As you said I have found Forza, FSX and Halo to run great. To your point regarding storage space I also agree that just having space for the couple of games you are currently playing is perfect. On previous Xbox consoles I would find I'd fill up the HDD with loads of games due to Game Pass and a few other purchases and never got time to play them properly.

Oh lets not forget the Series S is a fantastic emulation box more than capable of running many consoles."	2
"We all knew Marvel was going to save the good announcements for Disney+ day, and D23. 
 Can't wait!"	2
I think fred got in such good shape just from being so exuberant moving around in his videos. Great work	2
This was extremely informative great information ????	2
"After 2.5 years, I am returning here to say that Ive just accepted a job offer for a good salary, and my IT journey started here, from this video, in November of 2019. This was my first source of information, when I got back from work (being a cable tech), and typed Python full course or something along those lines. 

Of course, back then, a lot of concepts like classes and inheritance meant nothing to me, and this video perhaps wasnt the most beginner friendly. However, I was so sick of my job and I absolutely saw no growth in doing cable, where the salary cap for a technician was probably IT jobs base pay for the most part, so I decided to Google every single thing I dont understand. 

And I successfully changed careers."	0
"Coming back to this after knowing I passed all my exams, its giving me goosebumps. Thank you ??
To who ever reads this, 2021-2022 is going to be our year to shine"	2
It is SO good to hear Sam's voice again. Such a clear communicator and so even-keeled.	2
imagine if after jimmy called them to find him, another jimmy came from a hallway asking them where they're going	1
"That's the point.
For example, I work as BI Analyst, normally with Power BI, SQL and low-code platform (PowerApps, Automate...)
I have a Master in Data Science and I know how to built Neural Networks from Scratch but...for what?
Built a single linear regression model requieres a lot of steps and technologies, Azure, Python, Cloud, APIs, Devops...a lot of investment and maintenance,
instead most of the tools which I work on, have integrated machine learning tools, as image recognition, NLP, classification... with a few steps and a clear suscription.

In fact, I get my job because they demand for a person who knows analytics and have data science knwoladge so that can advice on the use of these integrated tools.
No more import keras model.fit(), you will be requiered to matinenance and advice about machine learnings integrated tools."	1
"Implying that this insult has been passed down for DECADES. 
Quickly, we must continue the legacy!"	0
Man that cut off Tyler walking out with the cast was hilarious	2
Content that you and thugesh create are real fun and respectful also, without crossing the limits of roasting. Be consistent always , that's your key	2
I very often find myself not wondering what David Deutsch is up to these days, and I would be entirely happy to hear about constructor theory after it has accomplished some accomplishments or gathered some buy-in within the discipline, instead of (as currently seems to be the case) before.	2
A note for your souldiers revisit, while the patch fixed a lot of the worst issues, the fire temple, a late game area, is still prone to a lot of  crashing when saving at dragon swords, it was 50/50 every time I saved in that dungeon whether it would crash or not, didn't get any crashes anywhere else so I'm not sure why that area specifically is so problematic (it was also an area where one room in particular had a game breaking performance bug before the big patch)	0
Can you hold this for me ???? funniest video I ever saw on YouTube	2
thanks a lot for all the efforts!! nice explanation and good content for the realtime based questions	2
" Their wins have nothing to do with my worthiness. 

-Bevy Smith"	1
It amazes me how passionate the conversation got when the grad student got on...I've not heard a real and genuine math conversation in a while...appreciate y'all	2
My father who passed away in August 28th, 2021, taught me to do chores at home. Laundry, dishwashing, cooking, house cleaning, taking care of my younger brothers. Now my wife is so happy she married me because I do our own chores without complaining, Thanks Pops. Miss you.	2
This man uses money to help people. Great job Jimmy. You are a Legend!	2
Next GTA 5 ?? ??????? ??????? ??????? ???? ??????? ? ?? ??? ???? ???? ?? ? ??	1
This song is everything. Will never stop listening to this.	2
"""The Holy Roman Empire is neither Holy, nor Roman, nor an Empire."" - Voltaire"	1
CS is combination of Math, Physics, Statistics and algorithms. There is a famous quote that Computer science is as much about Computers as Astronomy is about telescopes.	1
Can we all take a moment to appreciate this fly flying through the ring in slo-mo? 5:26	2
"Ya tu Shahrukh ke dialogues ha Don parkahna mushkeen he nhe ne mumkeen ha ????????
Kab tak Bakri ke maa kher manai gee
Comon Yogi laga raha Buldozer BABA"	1
Nelspruit strike/shutdown in July was much better n radical	2
He definitely went in on this album ???? he number one on my books ?? ??	2
Beautiful	2
Amazing tutorial! You explained everything so clearly and helped me to grasp some of the topics even better!	2
"""They hurt xbox""? Lol. From where I'm sitting it looks like Xbox is landing repeated Lightning Screw Uppercuts on Sony lately, but maybe I'm wrong.."	1
28/30 it was really easy despite the fact that my native language is belarussian??????	2
"Your meals look divine. ????
The game is progressing nicely."	2
Hi, I am a med school student and I hadn't been able to grasp the whole concept for my bioscience class until now. Just wanted to thank you for helping me prepare for my final exam which is coming soon!	2
Ccrypto is off helping to regulate<, rather than pretend it won't ever happen.  The big institutions getting in is the catalyst that will launch us into  the stratosphere.  Most people don't like change but after the change is made they grow used to it and it becomes a non issue usually because their fears never materialize. And benefits they were unaware with before turn out to be far more beneficial.  Few if any rug pulls.  The projects that initiated the process of regulation have not been ruined, they got involved in setting guidelines and helping the regulators understand the crypto space. Id get involved more knowing that I have made over 16` btc from day-trade with *WTRADE INSPECTS* in few weeks.	1
"I love how at 2 minutes the thunder happens and the pitcher just drops everything and turns around like ""Nope. I'm gonna dip. Yall have fun."""	2
We need more hodgetwins try not to laughs.	1
I find this so compulsively watchable even though it features math. -John	2
"""I am proud that I ""stumbled"" on it"" This statement itself says how humble he is."	2
O duda??n?n alt?na srd?n far? bida srme ltfen resmen karartt?n o b?lgeyi	1
Nice.	2
"Earlier this week, I was called for an interview. Due to scheduling issues, I had my interview the very next day via Zoom (barely 15 hours prior notice). I used this video as well as his other interview videos to prepare. This was the first time I felt confident in responding to ""tell me about yourself."" The interviewer even told me ""very nice"" after I said my spiel as outlined in the video (I didn't end with the question because I'm not THAT confident ??). At the conclusion of the interview, they told me I wouldn't know a decision until 2 weeks later, but they ended up offering me the position two DAYS later. Thank God I found this video!! I'm extremely grateful ??"	2
This game was very beautiful in 4k. In 4k we can see very details of the game. I hope BETHESDA continues the good work until the launch of it.	2
Thanks for posting such good quality content always ??	2
Rusia no tiene derecho de reclamar nada!!	1
Very informative!!!	2
Been following this project for ages and I'm always blown away by the attention to detail in the level design. Super excited to see where the game goes from here!	2
I just love watching Erik eat an entire buffet while I eat my regular ass lunch??	2
this feels like a special sitcom episode when the whole cast is in another country xD love it	2
Family plan sounds great. Miss the old version we had on 360. Considering I've bought at least 4 consoles per generation. And 4 subscriptions monthly isn't exactly cheap. This is possibly the biggest news of this gen for myself.??	2
"I think anyone who has spent time working in a modern, agile corporate environment could tell you the crux of the problem in an instant: we no longer plan past the next quarter.  ""Supply chain bottleneck"" is just another way of saying that we let the beancounters run the show, and they were good at it right until something happened which they could neither model nor predict (cerveza).   The system is brittle by design, because it's so much cheaper that way.    Nuclear energy runs counter to this business ethos:  it's a huge engineering lift, it takes 20 years to pay itself off, you need a trained workforce with domestic production and fabrication capacity that can forge the parts, machine them, weld them, then certify and maintain them over a period of 40+ years.  Instead we've been gleefully shutting profitable factories at home, gutting workforces, funneling everyone into college resulting in massive brain drain / skill loss as the old timers machinists retire, but hey, we delivered a lot of value for shareholders.   And now the chickens are coming home to roost."	0
Canelo and Plants speech gave me the chills man, he was truly sad he lost the fight	0
"The analogy of the safe basically explains RSA encryption.

It's very easy to stick paper into the slit (encrypt your message using the public key), but without knowing the combination of the safe (the two prime numbers the key is composed of) it's impossible to get your message back.

If someone can correctly decrypt a message you encrypted with a public key, they proved to know the two prime numbers."	1
Definitely a unique human kind! There isnt  many like him out there! My hope is as people listen to him every time he speak out they can open their hearts to be more care of what we do it today to sets the difference on the next generations after the us.	2
This was a very nice and informative video.  Hopefully I can get a data scientist/analyst position with only a bachelor's degree, but I should consider graduate programs in my area.  Thanks!	2
"I just read that VR is actually beneficial for eyesight. It was an article about some new prescription glasses tech out of Japan that uses the same ""science"" with how VR headsets seem to improve nearsightedness or prevent at least it from worsening. 

.... As if I needed another reason to abandon my entire life for VR lol."	1
I'm only two hours in and I feel like my brain is swelling and going to burst out of my eye sockets, ears, nose, and mouth from all the pure knowledge you're giving me. Thank you. This is the tutorial I was looking for. You're actually teaching me the terms and functions and what they mean, and not just teaching me how to copy text. Thank you.	2
retro madness doesn't have much in terms of games, but i will definitely keep an eye on them. it's easy to get retro games here in japan, but, obviously, they're in japanese. i've noticed how hard it it to find a used game store like this on the states, so this is a great find especially since they sell online. thank you.	2
Next best thing to a family reunion!  Good times!	2
I LOVE THESE SONGS ?? THANK YOU ?	2
            . ??????	1
I got one of these a couple years back. It's also called a star cube	1
Good to see more people teaching juggling here on youtube :)	2
Worker retention is one of the best indicators of a good workplace.  Ivy league schools like Harvard, Princeton, and Yale have very high retention rates (97-99%).   For employers it's Airlines, Banks, and Telecom companies.	2
"Schon allein die Story ist dieses Mal so geil



Wie gut kann ein Minecraft-Video gemacht sein? Basti & sein Team: Ja!"	1
"We are so obsessed with time just like someone already said in the comments. But on the other hand we will always find time for the things that truly matter to us and that's what Laura Vanderkam says in her talk.
I used to rush myself on the bike to school and I love cycling.. but I wanted to be there as fast as possible so that I'd have more time to study. Yet every time I would rush through, I'd be stopped at the red lights and the slower cyclers would catch up with me, making me feel frustrated with the time I was wasting waiting at the red lights. All I was left with was more sweat, frustration and muscle pain. So I decided this was not going to do it. Now I cycle every morning to school at a slow pace enjoying the nature: the rain, the sunshine, the wind, the smells of life, everything, listening to the city or the birds. I even have time to stop if I see a cat and try to give it some snacks. I arrive at school feeling relaxed and ready for the day. It's my favorite thing to do now. 
Making a priority list will make your life better. Especially the relationships and self categories. Taking time to just be present in the moment and live. Ignore the smartphone and technology as long as possible and talk to your loved ones instead. 
Or instead of procrastinating by scrolling through Facebook, watch a TED talk. You won't feel like you've wasted your time after that. 
Thanks for the inspiring talk. I'm getting back to work now. Time to review my priority list."	1
Hello, Your videos are always helpful for  everyone ,For choosing there the correct  careers. my question is ,I am from mechanical branch and I want to switch my career in IT field  so please tell me what are the total sub- branches in IT field and what are their workings as there job profile ????and Last not the least we all love your team ??	2
Dude, the editing and footage variety is top notch! Really enjoyed watching this! Very very good. And of course AWESOME build. Crazy!	2
Congratulations to everyone that finished university, got a job as a dentist and had a good life trying to wait for them to zoom in	2
Console exclusives aren't going anywhere. They would be insane to split market share off of their hardware, their ecosystem and ultimately their control. Nintendo has dominated both Sony and Microsoft this generation with the unreal success of the Switch. They are the proof in the pudding that hardware and exclusives are still what drive the consumer towards the platform.	2
id watch 5 more of these. bed styling is so interesting to me, would love a part 2!	2
I've been using the door trick for years. Had a base entrance that used it once. Only problem is since they added crawling if you don't time it right you get sandwiched under the top block of the door.	0
I always wonder, why his videos are never in trending. They are so hilarious yet to the point.	2
I started studying again after almost ten years of working, had a lot of trouble finding my concentration and mood for it, but your channel helped me a lot getting back into it! So thanks very much for the vibing and relaxing music you put out.	2
The story behind Nagoro village, from what I remember, is that it was populated by mainly elderly people, as all the younger residents left to find work in the bigger cities. This artist was one of the residents, and she would make the dolls in honor of the residents after they passed on, so that they could live on in a way.	1
Why is no one talking about how motivated Chandler was to not have his search history shown? Bro clearly had something to hide????	0
"Such a breath of fresh air to hear someone articulate themselves so precisely with zero processing time. Quite charismatic and doesn't inappropriately use the word ""like"" every other word. ??

Very clever to create a scene to draw attention to an issue that needs addressing no matter how distant it's arrival.
It is probably unwise to kick robots ????"	2
Andriod has alot of features that you might not use everyday but when you need it they are always there whereas with iphone you basically just can't do what you want. I was on the fence of switching to iphone but when I learned more about ios I think I'm good with my andriod device. The splitscreen feature is useful to me I can basically have anything playing on youtuber while using maps(I used to listen to lectures while driving which is a game changer specially when you're short on time) whereas with iphone I can't do that. Also, MKBHD is using an andriod phone while complementing iphone which just goes to what they actually prefer to use even tho they have multiple options to choose from.	2
	1
This was awesome! As someone who is still only recently introduced into the CS field and interested in perhaps dabbling in ML/AI, this was really helpful for people like me. Thank you.	2
"This 4 lads: WE CAN LIVE FOREVER
Zayn : I DONT WANNA LIVE FOREVER"	1
I love how we never heard Daemon say the heir for a day	2
"Solo Dev here, and the part about marketing is totally true.  My game (SHAMELESS PLUG, LINK ON MY CHANNEL TRAILER) was a complex effort where I learned a lot about animation, music, and sound mixing.  Some seemingly simple things, like sound settings and zoom, took the longest during development, and when it was all over, people who played my game said it was pretty good, but it was hardly even seen by anyone.  The marketing thing was something I never considered, so it's going to be a focus with my next game.  I made a game, and this video was so incredibly accurate to my journey, learning how much work everything is and my scope was too big in places, and that I naively expected Steam to give me enough visibility to get the game out there.  If anyone's wondering how accurate this video is, the answer is somewhere around 120%

Great video too.  Editing was great and music was well chosen."	2
"Me as a Canadian @ Colorado Fries: ""Man, I'm so jealous!""
Sonny: ""People in Canada are jealous""
Me: ??"	0
This looks so freaking good! ?? I've already eaten dinner, but now I'm hungry again ??????	2
"_MINUTAGEM_ ???
00:01 Introdu??o 
00:45 Batendo papo 
01:30 Bora come?ar?
02:10 Sons de boca com caixinha de remdio
02:56 Sons de boca
03:26 Tapping na bolseta
04:44 Tapping no bon + sons de boca 
06:54 Sons de boca ultra rpido 
07:59 Te fazendo carinho : ) 
08:15 Massageando o Mic + sons de boca 
08:55 Sons de boca + tirando sua energia negativa 
09:49 Falando em lnguas aliengenas
10:43 Carinho no mic + sons de boca 
11:01 Sons abafados + carinho no mic e c?mera
11:31 Finalizou 


Boa noite! ??"	1
Amazing ?	2
My $49,000 is currently sitting at around $6,500  I'm just sitting here waiting for July 2024 so I can not be greedy this time and cash out at least half of my money	1
Hello Kel! Your ASMR is so calming and soothing! Youre very gentle	2
Such an awesome collection of cars for this years CAR magazine Sports Car Giant Test C but which is your favourite? Comment below	2
"My favorite series is the Dillons Rolling Western series. I remember going on the eshop to find The Last Ranger being advertised. However, I wouldnt get it until I grew up a bit more. Dillons character stood out when I am already attracted to stylized games. 
All three of the games are tower defense where you are trying to clear waves as fast as possible. Currently all of the games are exclusive to the eshop. Unless you live in a PAL region, those games will be lost to time."	2
Just perfect! I enjoy all of them. I have trouble sleeping and especially falling asleep because Im heavily pregnant?? And your videos help me soooo much to find rest and relaxation in my body and mind. Thankyou so much ??	2
"This is by far and away the best history channel on YouTube. It's so nice and refreshing to have a pleasant narrator and peaceful, single shot backgrounds. Too much mass produced history docs rely on smash cuts, poor reenactments, cut with boring, 1 line interview answers. 

I know a lot of work goes into these videos. I appreciate your diligence and the quality with which you produce these. Thanks and keep them coming!"	2
Thank you Mosh! This was a refresher for me. As always, your tutorials are so friendly and easy to follow along with.	2
Im trying not to get too annoyed with Janelle and Lucas but seriously dont judge CLASSIC movies if you havent seen or just by small clips. At least the other four arent rude or saying negative things. Give the movies a chance because you may actually like the storyline and the messages behind these movies	1
???? ??? ???? ???? ???, ?? ? ???. ?????.	1
1:14 No sport event anywhere in history can come near this one.... GOD HIMSELF	0
"Pretty good summary! I disagree with the statement that it isn't a science, however. CS researchers routinely make falsifiable claims about the real world and then test those claims through experiments. In fact, that's how I'm spending my winter holiday :) Like, ""If I solve this problem with method X instead of method Y, I get a more reliable answer."" Of course, if you only have empirical evidence (i.e. it's been tested in the real world) your case is weaker than if you have a mathematical proof. So in that way, it might be that some problems CS folks tackle are ""scientific"" empirical questions until they can be handled more rigorously with mathematics. But some big, popular branches of CS like Machine Learning and AI advance primarily through empirical, rather than mathematic, evidence. Whether mathematics itself is a science I will leave to the writers of dictionaries :)"	1
"Blows my mind how quickly Dan became the ""rock"" upon which all things Linus stands...Love it"	2
This is my first time in data science. I've listened to thousands of lectures in my life. Barton Poulson explains it very well, in a very understandable and motivating way. Thank you very much to him. I recommend to those who want to take this course.	2
Great content I like the way you explain everything..... thanks	2
You can tell he smiles all the time. He just has a happy atmosphere.	2
??????	1
"""May the mass times acceleration be with you"" This really struck me"	2
This movie is going to be one of the best Marvel movies ??	2
Really Enjoyed it!	2
Ahah vous tes chanceux ?? ! BIENT?T LE SPLATFEST ??????	1
I have an iPhone 11 pro that I'm completely happy with.  I'm STILL impressed by the cameras on it... beautiful pictures and video.  Is there ANY compelling reason for me to upgrade to the 14?  Otherwise I'll wait until the 15 with USB-C.	2
I love how the explanation is made to everyone with experience or not in this issue. Im in the second group and now I have a reference to start. Thank you ??	2
Watching Gabriel Jesus in this team right now honestly puts such a huge smile on my face. Him and Odegaard just fit so well together and the interplay between them and the wings is just so fun to watch. Finally happy watching Arsenal play again.	2
unbelievably helpful	2
To the person reading this: Even though I dont know you, I wish you the best of what life has to offer ??	2
This man brought half of his office with him just to show us the most details, so humble and kind	2
Im allergic to sunflower seeds and most store-bought potato chips are cooked in sunflower oil, so this opens up my life to potato chips! Thank you, Chef John!	2
I like the meme that says, if it bites you and you die, its venomous; if you bite it and you die, its poisonous. I actually think it sums it up pretty clearly.	1
What a dream it would be to be able to actually communicate to orcas at some point. Communicating with other intelligent species is so huge	2
If this is only the 2nd week of the premiere league, I can't wait for what the rest of the season brings. The Beautiful game, the passionate game!!	2
 -FELICITACIONES- linda festa-. Que QUEENIE.UNO bom que saiu do jeito que voc sempre quis ela estava muito linda eeeee aaa mam?e tambm.*??	2
Awesome! I'm transferring from a community college with an Associates in Science into the CIT program at my local university. I've never been that great at math and after watching your video I think system administration or networking would probably be the best for me.	2
Good for you! Class act human being right here! Challenge or no Challenge, donating to food banks, especially how much you did, is AWESOME	2
Let me tell you my story :) first time I took my PSAT when I was in freshmen year and I got a 560 ?? I took it again in sophomore year and I got 940 , I took the psat again in junior year and I got 1200+ , Ive been self studying past 5 months and I think I can get 1400+ ..	2
Ju? jest gwiazd?. Mo?na jej s?ucha? bez koca.	1
"Love how PSYQUI started out with the amen break and turned into something from a rhythm game.
amazing track ~<3"	2
Not the sneaky chopsticks in the corner taking a sausage ????	1
havent been to school in ten years and just re-enrolled in college. I need all the help I can get thanks for the video. its a good warm up lecture before I take my actual bio class	2
Money Gone....EVERYBODYS story has switched up??The PARENTS are guilty as HELL????Kids traveling and gone for days with grown folk????Money, Fame, Sex & Lies its a damn farce.	0
"For that rock: question 
If people in other countries, (Egyptians, Inca, or Aztec sites for example) are able to place the rocks at actually quarry sites, why cant the US find this one? Or the site where the quarried stones were placed, so they can find more info?"	1
"Damn, Obama went with the ""I'm not mad, but I'm hella disappointed"" approach."	0
Xbox just announced the Xbox Series S as a suprise, so unfortunately it's missing in this video! The price is also announced, $499 for the Xbox Series X and $299 for the Xbox Series S! What do you think, will you buy the Series X or S?	1
He is amazing do check out his teri mitti / vande mataram full performance..... He killed itttt	2
The original infamous hurt my soul. I played through the campaign twice on hard to get the platinum only to find out while I was doing cleanup that the stunt master trophy can't be completed post game. I had all but one stunt, to knock 3 enemies off a roof at once. When you clear out an area enemies no longer spawn in large numbers, therefore there isn't enough enemies to get the stunt. I didn't have it in me to start another campaign. The sad part is I had tried the stunt on multiple occasions only for it to glitch and not award the stunt.	0
Krk reviews should be released in theatres all reviews one after another for 3 hours it will become blockbuster ??	2
????? ????? ??????? ???? ???? ????? ??? ???? ??????	1
Im a violinist in an orchestra and I listen to Architects. This is like the best thing ever happened in my life	2
90% of the views are mine bc of how much times I've listened to this masterpiece ??	2
"Gibi: Talks about Bokksu
Also Gibi: I lead others to a treasure I cannot possess"	1
ngl Im enjoying this videos a lot I think u should do more console it switches things up instead of playing with pc players this better entertainment keep it up??	2
Hi Suppo, I really appreciate your contains and value it. Can you please do a deep dive on pulse chain. When is it a good time to buy? Thanks bro	2
Wow, you would think New Yorkers would learn.  Incredible.	2
This is one of their best choreographies it's so awesome , the energy. The switch and the formation of the choreo and everything is on point and very detailed it also showcases how smooth of a dancer each member is and how they can match the fierce of the song to the swag . Good job tbh	2
Is it just me or does that girl, which was standing in front of what looked like a temple to me, sorta looks like SCP-166.	1
Yea but can't the centers also be oriented in different ways? Like with picture cubes it's possible to have the whole cube solve except one center piece that's rotated.	1
Merci pour cette vido, un de mes plus gros bag, j?ai pu en avoir  8,50$ dj  plus 53%	1
Someone was in High school he refuses to listen to teachers and even refused to read books so now that he is not anymore a student he suddenly wants to listen to teachers and read books. Something is wrong somewhere with Donald.	0
Yoo thanks for this it teaches soo much im a noob and have a dream and idea of eventually creating my own game. If it takes me 10yrs and only my friends play it doesnt matter, i will do it.	2
Just a complete kick in the gut every time I hear it. *Such* a good album, but goddamn dark AF. Truly a masterwork.	2
Thank you for this lecture. I'm still amazed about origin of those tools.	2
I can relate to the girl in the blue shirt on a spiritual level	2
Doing an amazing work ?	2
This looks so delicious! Can't wait to try it!	2
abera pozdro mam koszulk? i bluz? z twojego sklepu poooooooooooooozdro	1
A? by?o przyjemnie popatrze?...????	1
Wow this movie was raw...the fact that she lied to majority of the people she spoke to about her kids because she was ashamed says volumes. This was wayyyyy too good for free on YouTube but I'm glad it was.	2
lets just appreciate the fact that Jperm almost remembered all those names	2
my great uncle served 2 tours in Vietnam as a medical huey pilot, he came back with PTSD and his episodes are usually panicking or scans the room, he only got violent once when a burglar triggered him when he pulled a knife on my great aunt, the guy is currently still recovering in the hospital 3 months later	0
Just passing by to say that I'm loving her course and excellent diction.	2
"I love how this channel is like beluga but a cube version
Edit:Thanks for 485 likes guys, can we get to 545 likes?"	2
I am a marketing project manager and i was wondering if i could shift my path to data scientist/analyst, and your amazing video made it clear for me, thanks very much	2
"23:23   -Hermosa eleccin-  Xkissss.Uno
-los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer- 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ''oh, esto es hermoso'' a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial.."	1
Wahh??trbaikk????	2
The degree is basically a foundation for anything that is to come after.	1
If only Microsoft has a phone plan for all carriers honestly I saw it was for Verizon but I want it for boost mobile so u could pay your phone plan and including the plan with a monthly Xbox live service so every month u could just plan your phone bill and be able to play on Xbox	2
Id say half the universe was speechless after infinity war ??	1
Term Limits is a must ! Tired of these crooked cryptic politicians. RETIRE!!!	0
I really like the point about engineering toolboxes. I think thats where a lot of the burnout comes from. I work in DevOps and teach full stack so going to school for machine learning sounds like a large leap. Learning how to build better ML pipelines are much more worth my time.	2
It's so sad to think of how many fossils were lost:(	0
Music is something that we cant understand because of how weird they have given to us, a chill feeling. Ridiculous	0
This dude has the most stereotypical scientist hair, and I love it	2
Smash on 3DS was a marvel in it's own right. The fact the 3DS could handle it AND at 60FPS on the OG 3DS was absolutely mind blowing to me for the time	2
My man TOBY FOX did the unimaginable yet again I can't believe he made the music for the raid battle LET'S GOOO! 17:20	2
Always giving back. keep on rocking Jimmy!	2
J bugou minha cabe?a de tanta boniteza voc faz no Minecraft	1
Thanks so much for this playlist, it makes me feel nostalgic for an era that I wasn't even alive for! ????	2
I havent watched you for a while, just to see how far you would go and you went better than I expected!	2
My 3 year old requested this song. We're all vibing to it. Love it.	2
She looks like what I imagined an english major would look like	1
What I need going forward is a Nintendo Switch successor that is backwards compatible and offers improvements to previously released games. I need to play Xenoblade Chronicles 2 and Torna over again in true 1080p or at 1440p whether it be 30fps or 60fps. I just want them to be clear with further and more saturated draw distances and that dynamic resolution removed.  Of course this would benefit many other games but I haven't NG+ XC2 because I am hopeful I'll get to re-experience improved on new hardware.	2
I'd love to see a mission impossible/James bond cross over mover. Ethan and James together. That would be epic	2
I would love to give this a try!	2
Thank you. Really helped me in science	2
Really relaxing! ??	2
Not it being just the preview and Im already about to fall asleep	1
The girl wearing the shiny silver outfit is cute ??	2
This song still Gives goosebumps  even after 2years	2
I will not tolerate you disrespecting my brothers with your nose candy..	0
Great song! As always :)	2
An excellent subject and lecture! Thank you!	2
This guy loves science so much. He gets so excited talking about it, he sometimes forgets to breathe! friggin awesomeness!	2
Yes if you think you might want to add multiplayer / co-op you really should do it from the start, suddenly you have to validate everything your players are saying they are doing along with replicating all the right properties without flooding the network and your animations and simulation has to be on point since players will be doing crazy things that AI just wouldn't / we would give AI a pass on	1
Ur god sent... thank you	2
Bhabi on ??	2
Not arrogance but boldness to speak out the fact , naked truth. I dream the day  Dr. Thyagarajan becoming India's finance minister ??	2
Friend had a similar issue, military historian who had spent years researching in various archives, so naturally his google drive had hundreds of period photos including weapons and often confronting scenes of warfare etc Google locked him out citing said images as evidence of potential terrorism/hatecrime activity. He was thankfully able to get his account and contents restored, but it was a close run thing as Google only give you a window of a few weeks before they delete it	1
i'm majoring in biology, so mad respect for you Dr. Thor Hanson!	2
You can tell he's serious about his craft, but not obnoxious about it. The best you can hope for	2
Support public education: https://patreon.com/sprouts	2
hi mikey and jj hope you have a great day i love your vidoes they are inspirational for  my minecraft builds!!!!	2
Missed it by 30 mins but its okay, we watch it offline.	1
That love shared between Canelo and Plant man is something else. You have a beautiful family, you are my family I love this sport ??	2
This show being back in the bar makes me so nostalgic. Nostalgic we all felt when GOT was the most hyped show. After one episode I am optimistic about House of the Dragon and it will be a pleasure to watch these reactions again. Cheers!	2
Love these kinds of  videos! BTW the girl which is doing your makeup is such an amazing person, she looks so kind, her voice is PERFECT for ASMR, she is so talented and she is so so pretty! Can't wait for more videos with her! ??????	2
Dickens is without a doubt the greatest writer ever.	2
Sukumar sir is brilliant. Just blew away his sense of imagination and execution	2
I want to know what problem that Quantum computer solved in a few minutes that would take a normal computer 10,000 years.	1
"THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST YOUTUBE CHANNELS YET! YOUR VIDEOS ARE SO PRODUCTIVE BRO! It's Totally Refreshing. I LOVE IT SO MUCH!?? 
??????YOU
??"	2
size does matter *with cake*  - Chris 2022	1
Anh cho b? ba ao h? ?n k?o l ?c m	1
This is the kind of music I listened to like 3 years ago In 2019 with my old YouTube account- i remeaber always playing things with this	1
I remember watching Michio Kaku's shows on discovery science as a kid, he made me interested in science and I probably learned English from those shows, and if I traveled back in time to close the TV then, it's likely I wouldn't go back to being an engineer. I'm a little sad to see him getting older 10 years later, but I'm glad that he is as passionate about string theory as ever. It's funny how some people can change your life without them ever knowing.	2
This is cool I always wondered how this was done. Thanks very informative.	2
Dani def isnt the most underrated game dev he has millions of subs 2 front page steam games and so many people know who he is	1
"The Education Edition is also a part of the Pocket and Bedrock Edition.
This means that mobile + bedrock players can play Education Edition without paying more than what Minecraft actually costs.
(It is a world setting)
I love it ??"	2
Hi Tina, you make me want to make my first comment on Youtube - your videos are SUPER helpful and please keep making more interesting and insightful videos! I am actually thinking of transitioning to data science from a business background and you gave me a lot of useful tips that solves my confusion :)	2
We dont want over qualified students to intimidate others....... wow thats the best and honest thing I ever heard from a professor. No wonder MIT is a top institution. The level of deliverance of education is way too perfect.	2
When I failed an exam, my dad told me: at your age, Alexander already conquered half of persia, why arent you?	0
Let's appreciate Sandeep Bhai aka crazy 4 movie who made 10 or 11 video on this channel on Karthikeya 2 thanks for updating us Bhai????	2
For some reason I thought Google had abandoned robotics ambitions. Super cool to see they still have these products in the works :)	2
I had just been wanting to watch a documentary about pirates! What luck, well done.	2
Great stuff Jimmy!	2
Just subpoena him.   He's just doing this to stall for time.  He'll string them along for weeks if not months and then, in the end, say no he changed his mind and then they will have to subpoena him anyway.  So just cut to the chase already.  GET IT DONE.	0
Man, I seriously love this series and the fact that you buy these failed products, steps thing up a notch.	2
Simplesmente sensacional ??	2
Mr beast, You deserve more than this milestone ??	2
Nostalgia pura ?????	2
"I had to come back to say this works great! I used olive oil spray though and Lawry's season salt, but same result. Very crunchy. Only 6 minutes in my micro, so as Chef John said, watch them because everyone's micro is different.
Also, kudos to the parchment paper trick to cut it round. But I think I did one too many folds because I ended up with 2 parchment paper circles attached together.  ??"	2
Thanks so much nice video btw!	2
This is the most incredible,understandable video on confidence  I've came across by far , keep it up honestly .	2
????????	1
Hikaru himself is proof of why online chess is so important to grow the game lol. Kinda explains itself	2
3:49 This is actually one of traditional games in my country. But normally we use an oil paper or newspaper. First we glue every end of corner each other, then we make a little hole at the center by using a needle. Then we blow the paper from the hole until it expands like a pillow. Finally we light every corner of the pillow paper at the same time. It will fly and look like a Japanese fireball ghost in the sky	1
Thank you! ??????	2
This shit sound like some 99-00 Cash Money bounce with that Texas swang this shit bang #LL3 tho fr????	1
I love how you spend some time drawing/explaining the Elliot Wave Theory on a blank space then showing the chart.   Very helpful TA!   I think changing colors of waves might help when you have tons of diff ones at same time,  instead of seeing all yellow.  I do love seeing all your waves on the chart though as it helps understand your thought process	2
"We are learning how many documents were allegedly took. Lol

Does anyone but me understand that past presidents have clearance for classified material? And are briefed on a regular basis.."	1
Trs belle vido le son et l'image est waou. Moi aussi j'ai une cha?ne o je parle de l'info du jeux vido passer faire un tour	1
I like how conveniently Google skipped the part about tracking your behavior on the web to modify search results.	2
I like it:D	2
That's great your history of creating video games is so interesting such motivation to start unity	2
"As insane as Walter is, he was correct about the ""kidnappers"" being amateurs, and the toe belonging to someone else."	0
Perfect binge watch for interview preparation. Thanks for uploading this Krish.	2
He's right. I've always loved studying the gestures and language of appealing characters and I come across as confident most of the times, to the point where people are surprised when I tell them I have anxieties and various inner struggles like we all do. It's not about feeling perfect, it's about knowing you deserve to be where you're at and accepting that you might feel uncomfortable at times.	2
I can't even tell you how much more I enjoy using TensorFlow 2.0 than I did using the previous versions. Thank you for all the great improvements. A special thank you for TensorBoard. A very useful and fun tool.	2
The fact that Balan Wonderworld
 and Breath of the Wild came out 4 years apart and both cost 60$ makes me unbelievably sad	0
This is one of the best videos YouTube has to offer. I come back to it every year or so and it is still amazing.	2
thank you so much for letting us relive this epicness ????	2
It's good to see that you're always willing to speak your mind. In a time where anybody that speaks up on anything, will be bashed and harassed for being honest. The direction things are going in general on speaking out is sad.  Appreciate you and your brutal honesty brother.  ??	2
"I'm going to comment this on every potato video:  To simplify the de-starching of your potato, whether it's for chips, fries, hash browns, or whatever, use a solid-bottom salad spinner.  Fill it with water, swish your potato pieces, lift out the basket and dump and refill the water until it's clear.  Then dump the water and spin the potatoes.  You will get them super dry in just a minute.  Then you can lay them out on a kitchen towel or paper towel, but this will save you paper towels, because they will be dry.
Of course, there is no reason you _must_ use my technique.  After all, you are the Johnny Depp, of your Potato Prep.  Enjoy!"	1
And its now as of move seven that we have a completely new game...who else likes this line from Agad ????	2
"This is 110% correct. Looking back on every skill I've learned and accounted my hours for, it is around the 15 - 20 hour range that I feel ""I got the hang of this"" and that the dream isn't foolish, but by practice and repetition, the perception becomes reality."	2
Plant and Canelo's post-fight talk is honestly one of the best moments I've ever seen. Great stuff before the bell, in the ring, and after the fight.	2
I love when SIO made his videos with his friends!! I love watching all of them making funny faces jajaja ?	2
Man this is so exciting! I cant wait to see what this game will be about. Im also starting my game dev journey and youre my motivation fuel! Keep grinding and i hope the best for your future!	2
While I do enjoy my College Biology class, having this information in a visual format like this gave all that abstract lecture information something to stick tothank you so much!	2
I love speculative biology, but this project has one problem as I see it. The idea is presented that these amphibians wouldn't transition to forms of exothermic metabolism. We have evidence that both crocodilians and dinosaurs could change from warm-blooded to cold-blooded and back again. Birds, being warm-blooded reptiles, show the transition from ectothermic to exothermic lifestyles. Why wouldn't amphibians do the same over the eons in one shape or another?	1
Don't care about BnB but love your new production.  Your show is now of a higher quality.  Good job. ??	2
I like when its only the crew, It has more humour especially with Chris.	2
The cost of education in this country is crazy. If we want to have an educated workforce we need more affordable education.	0
"Some notable timestamps:
01:54 Key facts about the course
11:47 Background
30:10 Introductory examples
40:49 About Financial Mathematics
54:42 Real life applications / Projects"	1
You make the type of video I can watch over and over again. Love ?? the content. (I have watched this over 20 times)	2
I learnt a lot from this team..it's been a while since I joined the discord and the patrons of cheeky crypto..I applied  what you discuss in my day to day trading, the gain was massive..I am leverage trader and your insights always valuable..thank you for your effort and daily videos.	2
Steve is a phenomenal lecturer, isn't he?	2
Wow! Laki nman ng crab... Thank you nga pala sa pa shout out mga kahabhab...   Enjoy eating... God Bless po sa inyo....	2
????????	2
We Filipinos eat with our hands on some occasions (and if we know how, because not everyone does) but there are limitations in what we can eat with our hands. The idea of mushing mac and cheese between my fingers already make me squirm and it feels so wrong. It's like using chopsticks on spaghetti	0
Amo esses cursos! Vocs s?o awesome!!!!!! Muito obrigada! Greetings from Brazil =)	2
"My favourite part was when She-Hulk said ""don't call me she-hulk. It's Shulk"". Truly the most TV series of our time"	2
"Wow .. this was an awesome presentation, I'll focus on the first speaker since I was somewhat familiar with the subject (I also liked the second one). 

He explained all of the key concepts as clearly as I have seen - and I have looked at a LOT of videos, this is a master class in how to do it. I hope he presents on many more related topics. Definitely worth watching.


Thank you so much!"	2
I love engineering an empire it shows a complete timeline of rulers from emperors to kings to pharaohs.	2
The reason the unsalted fries are fresher is because no one orders them without salt so they have to make a new batch	1
That zombie myth was actually not busted it just takes a while to kick in	1
You motivated me to start being more orderly, to have plants and to eat healthier. I really like your routine and I'm trying to improve mine as well. Soon I will also enter patreot. I really appreciate what you are doing.	2
I'm literally in middle school yet I'm able to follow this to an extent, really makes it obvious that this professor's great at his job	2
Hilary is exceptional at explaining and engaging with people at all different levels of expertise.	2
"bbh actually still cares for skeppy no matter how many times he trolls him
that's just wholesome, being friends for a decade"	2
Ive been a fan Since 10k I love your videos I watch it every night And day you are a legend and you need 1 million subscribers probably more than that oh wait time to do my step ASMR gaming ASMR gaming	2
Omg I love this guy	2
I passed the interview! I got offered my dream job as an interior designer, your videos have been a massive help. Thank you!	2
I wish Preston would go back to bed wars and skywars it was really enjoyable watching him back in the day. Love you walli!	2
"I love this. I found myself imagining the mushrooms make a tiny 'atchoo!"" when they bounce and shake off their spores. I like Melody Mountain!"	2
"I can genuinely say I have never been more astounded by another being on this planet.  The evolution of this beautiful creature is literally out of this world.  This video left such an imprint on me that being able to ""pet,"" play, handle, or be in close graces of this animal are on my life's bucketlist for sure.  Being apart of research and doing a 180 degree career change may be in my future."	2
Love the videos. But surprised you didnt mention polar bear or shark whale?	2
"There is a small mistake at 4:15 
You would need to connect every point on a column with every other point on the same column same for the rows. Otherwise a graph coloring algorithm wouldn't work here, since graph coloring algorithms only test for the constraint that each neightbor has a different color."	0
1:10 Love the inevitable Evan Longoria clip, but right after that is the volleyball player going into the stands to keep the ball alive. Im surprised that they allowed that! ??	2
"Think of the way PS2 got into a lot of house holds. the DVD player. That DVD player turned a LOT of movie watchers into Video Game players. XBOX being on a TV with GAMEPASS could be another ""Trojan Horse"" brining in new gamers. Keeping video games around that much longer"	1
I recently just signed up FMVA & Very Satisfied with the clear & easy to understand teaching & i finally feel the pandora box is opened ?? TQ! I hope there will be FRM & Derivatives courses in future!	2
"Its actually three cubes
*Proceeds to fold it into a  Spaceship*"	1
D Hop breaking his ankles, literally, was by far the most savage	0
"""ive come so far""

I DON'T THINK YOU HAVE THE FACILITIES FOR THAT BIG MAN..."	0
C?m ?n Duy Lu?n mnh v?a h?c thm m?t ki?n th?c m?i	1
"ek misunderstanding usi hai aapko.
'No First Use' Policy, Nuclear wepons ke liye hai.
Normal conventional bomb me aisa koi policy nahi hai."	0
It is so amazing how one becomes so motivated to start working on something as soon as they begin to understand it. I have been putting off my lit review for 3 weeks because I did not really understand the 24-page document given to us by our tutor but after watching this video, I'm now so confident and fully understand what exactly it is that I need to do for my assessment. Thank you for such a wonderful and informative video.	2
I <,have watched you for the past 2 years, and found you to be really down to earth and no frills. Congrates mate and stay real and love the fact you share your loses and wins. Good luck. Bitcoin price recently completed a two-month surge that resulted in a price increase to over $25,000; consequently, investors are now concentrating on the cryptocurrencys next target price. Billions of dollars have been wiped off due to the crash in its price, particularly in the last four weeks. The loss has become the primary cause of several firms liquidation issues in the crypto industry. I think the direction is upward movement, with a bit of silence before the storm, agree it's boring for the past few days. a good strategy for hoddler'ss moving forward would be to buy now and trade not to just seat like a baby seater and watch, and not get too excited to sell off with the upturn, the rise will surprise everyone. As for traders, you make money anyways, in both directions so just befriend the trend and use marketspotter to make informed decisions. If youre a modern investor then your main aim I guess would be to take home profits for yourself and family especially during times like this when reading the charts are extremely difficult due to its chronic volatility. Well good-news you dont have to worry about how this will come about just commit your investments with and trade with my investment Advisor Mrs. Robin Moore trade signal and the rest will be a good history of profits for you. As i have been able to day trade my bitcoin to atop 15.03 BTC with 3.09 BTC with her trade signal despite the state of the market. Trading with her trade signal is a guarantee that profits are assured.  For Help/Guidance on building/investing/financial portfolio. ?eI???m @moorerobin or What'sapp +12132627458 ..	2
Woah! That's a serious looking microphone! Looking forward to this one.	2
My god, KDB is insane. His vision and passing skills are absolutely generational. Haven't seen anything like it since xavi and Sneijder	2
Is it just me or it it literally the best thing when she says Japanese Snacks ITS JUST SATISFYING AND CALMING TO ME AHHHH	2
OMG, now you gotta make this into a series. Your ipad videos (I remember the first one with testing out brushes) was the reason why I started my ASMR channel. Now im expecting a large series with 5+ parts of would you rather lovely. Youre the BEST! ???? thank you for the mention; i dont think i even deserve it! ??	2
5:00 lol	1
??? ?????...?????? ????  ?????  ?????~~~?	1
Is it just me or does it look like everyone will be able to dodge roll now and not just duelie mains? I think Splatoon three is gonna be easy to pick up but hard to master, nothing wrong with that though! Can't wait to meet everybody in the turf war!	2
"Breaking: Trump hires billion dollar Lawyer 

Me: I hope he is willing to work pro bono, because Trump will never pay."	1
Thanks - really clear instructions with great does and don'ts. I'm finally learning to actually juggle - at 67 years old!	2
The fact that people can even do 3x3 cubes is beyond me but watching this guy did a 15x15 and in only 2 and a half hours blew my mind on another level	0
It's actually game 1 of the Fischer - Larsen match of 1971. I've been searching for that incredible game, thanks for the heads up on it. I remember back in the day on my Chessmaster library Yasser Seirawan described it beautifully when he said the bishop pair had two jobs, one to guard the king and two to shepherd the a pawn home. A masterclass.	2
The points our maths sir asked.. really touched Puri.. i can feel it in his eyes..	2
I actually home every game system dating back to my Atari 2600. I never ever thought games would look this good. I can't imagine how they will look 20 years from now with how fast technology keeps moving forward.	2
More history on History please. The last few months of this channel uploading quality content shows in the enthusiasm and likes the videos get. Please start producing more good content like this and less reality tv, there is a market for actual history shows if they well made.	2
"I love how when Gibi asks for options, she doesn't specify which one we pick. For example she asks ""Which one would you like?"" then she says ""Okay perfect"" and no matter what someone picks, it seems really interactive. Also love the attention to detail with the airplane cups! :) Thanks so much for the relaxation and content you provide for us <3"	2
Me duele porque este podra ser el final de Thor, claro el actor dijo que an har ms pelculas pero es triste saber que su lugar como vengador lo tomara Jane. Espero algn da regrese al equipo y luche a su lado una vez ms ya sea contra Galactus, Beyonder o en la guerra del multiverso ??	1
"""Ex""- Trump lawyer still defending him ! I can not believe how they stick with him !"	0
"Him: *calls a gan cube a regular cube*
Me: Wait, thats illegal."	0
A hidden face? That's should be a secret, right?	1
This defense was really solid I cant wait to see the addition of casemiro with this coaching and this rebuilt defense well do really good this season	2
"""Was Einstein wrong with Theory of Relativity?""
Michio: Yes and No.


Spoken like a true Quantum physicist."	1
Yesss its here!! Piper looked so pretty in those outfits! Pipers songs are always amazing! She never fails to entertain us!	2
Just saw Duplantis won the olympics.. he's definitely a legend.. making all those jumps to the gold medal & not a single fail.	2
That video was amazing! I'm not sure if I'm watching a new Mission Impossible movie or a re-run of Uncharted. I was able to travel to multiple countries in a year thanks to the great deals I got with Mighty ???? Travels ?? Premium.	2
I love to listen to Elon he's just amazing so very smart.	2
It's amazing that the skulls remain in the soil for millions of years for us to do such detailed scientific researches on. Without them, we never knew what they looked like or how they evolved. Fossils really are precious legacy of our ancestors.	2
I still kinda believe that the great pyramid in Giza was there long before the Egyptians and the other two failed Pyramids were their attempt to recreate the first one.	1
My sisters and I loved Boy George and we still do! ?? He is STILL a star in our eyes! ?? ?	2
that's prob the best dev log i ever seen ?? I see so much effort put into just one video like this one ????	2
chess needs more funding ,, seriously ,, the best of the minds are fighting it out ,, there should be more prize money for each of them ,,	2
"This is 1000 times better than any movie.
Thanks so much.
Love to the production management??"	2
*We can all agree that she never disappoints us with his content, she is my fav YouTuber 100%*	2
People are excited for the game of thrones premiere and Im excited for the amoeba sisters a scroll through biology premiere lol	2
Please complete the Data structures and algorithms series ! ???? Please Harry bhaiya	2
This episode was truly hilarious and just like old times	2
C?m ?n anh 2 Robber ?? truy?n ??ng l?c cho em m?i sng , c? m? m?t d?y m?i sng ph?i m? ngay bi ny ?? n?p n?ng l??ng tr??c khi ?i lm ??????????	1
Whos here laying in bed watching while hungry asf?	0
It's so awesome that they managed to find a way to legitimately call something a time crystal.	2
"EVERYONES a finance guru now.

No real credentials but she has a podcast guys."	1
Mishandling of classified documents is a felony. No intent or plans are relevant.  Having those documents was a crime.  Period	0
Quase uma dcada dessa msica, estou envelhecendo ????	2
I can't believe this is free online to watch and learn you guys are doing great things. I deafinetly  want to be a computer scientist now	2
Man, this guy literally has the strongest stomach. I would pass.	1
His son, Spencer Klavan had a podcast, Young Heretics, that examines many of these books. I recommend it, especially if you tend to read books rather straightforwardly.	2
His dedication and sincere response when I first contacted him is amazing, he does his work effortlessly they are just the best.	2
To the person reading this, Good Luck! Don't stress, everything will be fine. No matter what difficulty you are facing right now, you can overcome it! You are strong and brave.???	2
Another really important aspect of prototyping is learning whether you actually ENJOY game design or not. If you're having more fun coming up with the story, setting, lore, and themes than you are experimenting with gameplay ideas, then chances are you're more into worldbuilding than game design. Learning this early can help steer you towards your strengths and interests.	2
th?t s? khi mnh nghe bi ny c?a anh 2 mnh c m?t c?m gic l? l?m, kh ?? di?n t? v mnh c?ng th?y m?t ph?n no ? con ng??i c?a mnh trong bi nh?c, ?m nh?c l th? lm cho mnh c?m nn d? ch?u sau khi tr?i qua m?t chuy?n g ? khi?n mnh kh?ng vui. Mnh th?c s? c?m ?n nh?ng ng??i ?? truy?n c?m h?ng cho mnh ?? ti?p t?c theo ?u?i cho s? ?am m ny ????	1
I love how he teaches the right timing to turn the food. I usually end up burning it because I'm afraid of undercooking, so it's great to get these pro tips.	2
"When someone tells a lie,
deep down they know this is wrong.
They have no compassion."	0
Nintendo ha anunciado la fecha en la que cerrarn las tiendas digitales de Wii U y Nintendo 3DS. Ser el prximo?27 de marzo de 2023?y ya no se podr comprar nada, aunque si tienes el juego podrs seguir descargndolo, recibiendo actualizaciones de software y jugando online	1
Where I live I have NEVER seen a betting shop close down - one round the corner from me has been open for over 50 years. There's a constant stream of customers going into these places and even with internet competition they still seem to thrive. Betting shops is where I would strongly consider investing it. Cigarettes is another one, BAT share price just goes up and up. Warren Buffet loves the tobacco industry and who can blame him with those huge profits. Even with all the bad write up about the dangers of smoking people still do it as it's so highly addictive. Two businesses that just don't fail - betting shops and cigarettes, they even have a strong link !	2
Something to keep in mind i had to replace the thermal past and pads because the home screens of most games were enough to make it over heat and power off	1
I would love some tips to decorate a  small but high ceiling living room! It's been a struggle to find inspiration!	2
There used to be a time where Linus was the smartest guy in the room, this video clearly shows that the team he has built are experts in their respective fields and make Linus look like a child. Kudos to Linus and LMG, you've grown beyond what I imagined. All the best!	2
Just wanted to add that having strong knowledge of sql and databases in general is extremely helpful for developing queries and detection rules using tools like Splunk (SPL) or Defender (KQL). Great video, please get in the weeds!	2
I love that she used her own products but didn't talk about it for 10 mins and just introduced them like all of the other products that she used. I love her so much! What a queen!	2
"I nearly got 100% completion with this game. Had to stop after more than a couple of side quests had a weird performance issue where it would stutter beyond belief. It took a lot of patience, but if you could finish the quest the stuttering stopped. It was frustrating. Usually they were quests where you had to find things that were all around a planet, so you had to traverse large areas. Trying to do so when every input took several seconds to respond was too much for me. 

Now I'm stuck on some backlog games, so I don't know if I'll ever have 100% completion. But maybe one day...."	0
This man is amazing because he talks on best fact	2
"Interview timeline

*The future 00:30
*Avoiding climate catastrophy 01:20
*Batteries ?? 04:15
*The future is bright 07:30
*Self driving  cars ?? 09:00
*Video cut ?? 16:07
*Predicted timeline of progress 18:00
*Optimus robot ?? 20:30
*Cat girls waifu  ?? 24:35
*AI safety ?? 27:00
*AI-Human symbiosis & brain ?? computer ??? interface 29:30
*Starship 37:30
*Methane as fuel ? 39:52
*Going to Mars 44:30
*Transportation 54:04
*Company for the future of humanity 55:40
*Elon's wealth 59:00
*Overpopulation vs population collapse 1:03:49
*Elon's drive 01:04:10

Edit: U R Welcome
Edit2: i have added more time stamps based on your helpful recommendations ??."	2
"I love to hear your songs Stebin...
Your voice is so melodious that directly touched our heart ????"	2
I'm buying iPhone 14 Pro Max and Apple watch 8 plus newest Airpods Pro, been saving ages! Cheers dude. Won't the Pro Max come with 16 out of the box though? ??????????	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin SEXMAXING.Uno
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial"	1
Ok, that got me. I was not expecting that. I thought it would be some kind of a regular car accident, but this is the MCU i guess??	0
9 year old clip and I still feel my childhood coming back to me ??.	2
This mix is really calming despite all the distractions and stresses from daily life. And for just a moment. I feel at peace ??	2
As a sad wolves fan I'm actually encouraged by how well they played.  After this start though I'm already scared	2
Ay dios para nosotros los mexicanos eso es el paraso ??????	2
""" "" "" one of the best things about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something He always respect us, the audience, and his team, and he is always polite in all of his videos""????????"	2
What a beautiful and insightful explanation of the dynamics of data science. It is true that data science demand is growing exponentially and what aspiring data scientists are fearful is lack of knowledgeable that DS is actually evolving and diverse. It is become more field specific and one need to master the area of expertise like health, business, banking etc in respect to the application of DS in it. Thanks a lot Thu Vu for your resourceful info.	2
The whole 360 missing achievements is been around for a long time.... But you can re-unlock them and still works lol	2
Respect for Ukraine ??????	2
"Time Stamps:

Exponents: 1:28
Absolute Value: 5:46
Fractions: 6:38
Factoring: 10:5
Difference of Perfect Squares/Perfect Squares: 15:47 
Solving equations with fractions of x: 19:07
Function: 21:26
Composite Functions: 24:14
Solving Multiple Choice Problems: 25:33
Word to Equation Problems: 1:50:38
Averages: 1:53:25
Consecutive Integer: 1:54:28
Types of Integer/Whole/Natural Numbers: 1:55:23
Inclusive/Exclusive: 1:56:28
D=RT: 1:57:55
Solving More Multiple Choice Problems: 1:59:00
Longer 6 hour version of SAT Math Review: 2:08:05 
Continuing Multiple Choice Problems: 2:08:29"	1
"??Time Stamps??
?? Intro - 2:17
?? Drink (1) - 3:10 
?? Onion Rings (1) - 3:45
??  Chicken Drum Stick (1) -  4:21 
??  Chicken Breast - 5:49
??  Chicken Drum Stick (2) - 7:28
??  Cajun Fries (1)- 8:44
?? Chicken Sandwich (1) - 9:31 
?? Onion Rings (2) - 10:46
?? Cajun Fries (2) - 11:07
?? Chicken Sandwich (2) - 11:36
?? Biscuit - 12:13 
?? Drink (2) - 13:00
?? Chicken Drum Stick (3) - 13:45
?? Strawberry Pie - 15:21
?? outro - 16:40

??DONT FORGET??
?? Brush youre teeth
?? Plug in youre phone
?? Set an alarm
?? Turn off the lights
?? Blow out the candels
?? lock the doors
?? pack youre bag

??have a good night & enjoy the time??"	1
While I like the clean lines of square/boxy design.. however every time I hold my old iPhone 12 Pro, I actually really miss those curved edges, it's WAYYY more comfortable to hold than my 13 Pro.	2
Finally an Irish writer! You should look into doing Wilde or Beckett next	2
remember in elementary school when all you needed to know is: photosynthesis needs the sun, water and carbon dioxide to make food? Now it has come to this.	1
GO WATCH NEW BUB FILMS VIDEO NOW: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFYfHG2f7M359ZYaWODI3ig	1
Trs belle vido le son et l'image est waou. Moi aussi j'ai une cha?ne o je parle de l'info du jeux vido passer faire un tour	1
I love how he has worked for YEARS at Microsoft but they still had him do a technical interview for insane leetcode questions ??????	2
I'm honestly impressed by the time and effort you put into these videos, Keep it up!	2
Wow, that wireless desk charger is insanely cool. I would love one of those.	2
"Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.UNO
de los mejores conciertos ? 
22:22 Senada: ''Hermoso''
22:22 Megan: ''Hotter'' 
22:22 Hopi: ''Sweeter''
22:22 Yoongi: ''Butter'' 
22:22 Amor: ''Momentos'' 
22:22 Alfiora: ''Preety''
22:22 Alana: ''Awesome'' 
22:22 Joonie: ''Cooler''
22:22 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente  ?? 15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos"	1
I'm beginning to understand chess is really like an ocean in complexity. There's place of brashness, boldness, creativity, fear, light touch, nimbleness, anger, bluffs. It is a beautiful game, rich with stunningly creative ideas and tactics. It has stood the test of time because each generation realizes in greater depth than the previous one, how many more things are possible in a game, how far ahead can pieces support each other, how deep and far-seeing ideas can be, and how rich a battlefield it is to display the full range of human cleverness and emotions.	2
you can tell crystal doesnt have a life cause of how happy or mad she gets over the food races lmao	0
I reminder everyone that if they want to merge do it with your own wallet do not use others in the end everyone can loss everything because its not their wallet	0
Awesome and educational videos respect ????	2
"Order: BADC
Working of a neural network:
- The weighted sum of the input is calculated
- The bias is added
- The result is fet to an activation function
- Specific neuron is activated

Nice video! It helped me to learn deep learning in 5 minutes"	2
"0:30 Distance and Displacement
-
6:42 Speed 
10:16 Speed and velocity
13:30 Average speed and Average velocity
-
18:39 Acceleration
-
29:15 Gravitational Acceleration
-
37:47 Projectile motion
-
47:11 Newton's 1st law
51:33 Newton's 2nd law"	1
I love your content and how much effort you put into it	2
I remember when the History Channel had shows about History.  I miss that.	0
latte is so incredible. i am a teen and struggle with anxiety, depression, ocd, adhd, paranoia, body dysmorphia and gender dysphoria, ptsd, and dissociative issues as well as chronic pain, so it is usually very difficult for me to feel relaxed and fall asleep. i discovered latte two years ago and it changed my life. she is so soothing and comforting without being condescending, annoying, or repetitive and her videos are always incredibly high quality. ive watched all of her videos (including the ones in languages i dont understand) and there wasnt a single video i didnt like. i love and appreciate latte so much <33	2
This is remarkably clearly communicated. Almost unique. Every single wording, every sentence, is chosen with a purpose. The examples are very descriptive. Needless to say, the topic is a bit complex. It is adressed, subject to an almost perfect understanding of exactly when the apprentice finds some topic extra difficult. Imagine having a teacher like this when being in formative years. Sometimes in life, you happen to encounter people with an above-human talent to communicate complex matters in an accessible way. Simple enough but not to simple. It is important to recognize this and to cherish those rare moments.	2
NO WAY 2 VIDS IN ONE DAY?! THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER!	2
The universe is fractal, therefore the same rules that apply to a solar system must apply to an atom (except at faster speeds), otherwise the universe would collapse in disarray and conflict. Empirical observations of the micro universe are as good as the equipment utilized to collect them. If one observes a particle (planet) around the nucleus (sun) with a shutter speed equal to one revolution, it would register at one position only; 1/2 cycle would result in two opposite positions. At higher speeds more positions are collected and the vibration (wave) function starts to reveal itself. What is missing in our science at the particle level is the inclusion of the interaction between the particle and the energy dissipated from the device used to observe it (equipment or human brain).	1
I am excited to see just how they change the budget iPad and how the screen will look :) and what the new watch will look like! September can't come soon enough! Great video like always ??	2
Wow! I never seen technology that big before!	2
"Hermosa eleccin  sexoporn.cam
de los mejores conciertos?
22:22 Senada: ""Hermoso""
22:22 Megan: ""Hotter"" 
22:22 Hopi: ""Sweeter""
22:22 Yoongi: ""Butter"" 
22:22 Amor: ""Momentos""
22:22 Alfiora: ""Preety""
22:22 Alana: ""Awesome""
22:22 Joonie: ""Cooler""
22:22 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no 
puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla,se que estuvo sorprendente zifn?? 15:55 Son unos
de los mejores conciertos
"	1
Peluang membela diri sejak minggu lalu disia-siakan dengan tindakan bersumpah laknat, berpakat malukan CJ Dan sandiwara.. Memang tiada niat nak Bela diri kerana terjerat habis dengan penipuan sendiri..!!	1
Prxima aventura: 100 dias como um gato no meio de explos?o nuclear	1
Czekamy na dalszy rozwj sytuacji z Bobkiem ????	2
"""There will be more classified information in his head than in his desk"". You think so? He reportedly could not pay attention for 5 seconds when he was briefed about anything. I don't think anyone needs to worry about what's in his head regarding state secrets."	0
"I've never watched a single Kentucky Derby race in my 22 years here on Earth but this just gave me chills all down my body. ""The longest shot has won the kentucky derby"" is going right down in history."	1
"Strongly Agree... 
When I started my journey as a programmer. CS50 was my first course and I learned everything online from Net Ninja tutorials, W3schools, Clever Programmers, and so on.
Now I am a Mobile and Web app developer. 
Yeah, I can say it is possible to learn Computer Science without a degree...
And, I'm Self Taught Software Engineer too. Buddy"	2
4 YEARS OF MATHS WITHIN 3 HOUR OMG THANK YOU	2
Love the in depth tutorials especially when youre talking about the face and youre always in depth when it comes to eyes (at least from what Ive seen).	2
people are really stuck on the price tags and not understanding that couture is only made to order by experts in their fields. that's what this video is looking at. These pieces are art, and art is different for everyone. just because you don't like this version of art doesn't make you better than those who do. I could never afford these pieces but that doesn't stop me from really appreciating the vision behind it.	1
The reason they said large and open space instead of largest map is because if you look at their past games and you measure the square footages of every location and put them together that may be bigger. None of their past games have had an open world. Their other games usually have one big world segmented into multiple locations. In this game it's actually one open world so it's the largest open space of any game they created. And they did say that this open world is bigger than Prey.	1
Arsenal's attack is so fluid and they're playing so well man, they're fr looking real dangerous this season.	2
Here in India even 7th class exam comes harder than this	0
I'm in the position starting out in film as well. I'm very excited to embark on the game dev journey!	2
Hope Hans is fine. He's a good player, it's always fun to watch his games. A bit of trash talk never harmed nobody.	2
I did not expect to love this video as much as I did... it epitomizes the very best of YouTube in my opinion - a well-made video with a well-constructed narrative, hosted flawlessly and provides a genuinely good service to everyone, even if they are not in the market for these products. Love your work LTT Team!	2
For once in a very long time it feels great to be a gooner	2
Well made , informative and entertaining! Ty for including imperial measurements , I wish all makers would do the same !	2
"Im taking my SAT in March and I want to get between a 1350-1450 and I have the same book and Im just ready to use your plan and grind it out for the next month!
Thanks for all the tips!!!"	2
this guy has talent!	2
And that is why I have learnt much more on YouTube than in school.	2
Oh my god guys! Theres an octopus eating a crab!! Then watches it like a action movie??	0
Respect to the man who finished it	2
It's like a superpower the way Linus delivers entertaining and informative commentary so naturally	2
"i made timestamps lol use them if you want to!
(sorry if they are not precisely correct)

0:00 welcome/todays sponsor!
3:56 a little safety demonstration 
8:20 flight attendant coming to check on you 
8:35 turning on sleepmode at your screen
9:24 offering you something to drink
9:58 sparkling water (tapping, bubble and water sounds)
11:48 choosing your tea flavour
14:26 making you tea (tapping, paper and water sounds)
15:21 giving you a hot towel
15:58 info about the snack basket, and breakfast
16:57 going through the breakfast menu with you and checking if you have any allergies
18:53 going through the snack basket
20:22 showing you your grooming kit
24:49 showing you the in- seat buttons and the tv stuff lol
26:28 getting you ready to sleep
28:39 good night!"	1
"G15 is a better deal
Or even lenovo 10500h model is also value."	2
Wish Soup would start his own lobby, become admin, cause chaos and then just wait for them to call an admin(him)	0
I can't explain exactly WHY this has become one of my favourite formats on the show, but it really has. I can never get enough of these	2
I feel like the older model could still work fine if you made him look more closely to a blob around the face area and just had a bigger emphasis around the face	2
"I asked a Google employee to list the stuffs Google gives them for free. He replied, ""It's easier to list the stuffs Google doesn't give you."""	1
"My uncle put up a sign outside of our family farm that says ""your GPS is wrong"" because he kept getting strangers following faulty GPS directions and ending up there. I've also been in the car when a GPS directed the wrong way down one-way streets or down non-existent roads. They're useful, but you have to apply some critical thinking when using them, because they are AI with an emphasis on the A."	0
he literally let her win though ???? he was jus sittin there staring	1
I feel for civilians that just want to live a peaceful normal life in Ukraine...	0
"Correct me if Im mistaken, but by filing a lawsuit claiming defamation, doesnt he open himself to discovery? After all, its actually his own reputation that will be on trial. 

Could be entertaining."	1
There has to be a factory that generates these ideas. Consistent uploads, each with completely different topics? Woah! ??	1
i'm from iraq????????	2
"VOC?S SENHORES N?O VIU 
O MUNDO INVIS?VEL COMO
EU VI !..."	1
"""He was reckless with documents. People used to have to tape them back together from the trash can. But I never known him to destroy documents."" What in the actual fuck? This guy is a lawyer? Lmao"	0
Now I see how my dog feels at dinner	1
"I really love the way he explains the way the cube works and how you can make the turns""convinient"" I feel like I could learn a lot from this if I haven't already learned how to solve it"	2
Thanks!	2
Netflix is getting into video games for the same reason Apple is launching a car and Amazon is getting into healthcare. These high high tech company have to constantly keep growing in order to justify their insane valuations, and in many cases their core businesses wont offer enough revenue to satisfy investors growth expectations	1
"*""do you have strawberry?""*
""yes""
*""then I will have vanilla""*

Iswtg that got me wheezing"	0
I love how raw and honest this channel is! I feel the genuine help. Thank you for that.	2
Scott, thank you for presenting information that compels people to think and challenge the status quo. even though its impossible to PROVE any of the information, you have to step back and think and consider  that he may be on to something here.	2
Awesome video, Jason. You've helped make this information accessible to thousands of new people.	2
The guy that saved him from a firing squad was clearly a time traveller.	1
Congratulations on 100M! Well deserved <3	2
"Make sure to follow on Instagram: www.instagram.com/suppoman.yt
Also recommend watching on 1.5-1.75 speed so you see it all!"	2
At this point I dont think his credit card company cares anymore	0
"21% making ??
74% struggling"	0
I'm extremely impressed. I'm actually a early 70's club DJ, but I've never lost my taste for true and special music. Kudos.	2
Thank you Sabine,  so well thought out and executed.  My mind expands every time I hear you explain. ????	2
Loved this movie and the actors ???	2
"If sentient AI is possible, I think we should name ""Terminator"" as probay one of the most forward thinking films in the history of the film industry and also probably James Cameron."	2
Your take on the Habsburgs is wildly inaccurate.  They didn't rule over the Holy Roman Empire, they reigned, due to the hundreds of independent principalities, marquisates, archbishoprics, free cities and electors. Not even the Emperor Charles V could break this political logjam.  The later empire was enlightened by current European standards, and I'm not saying this because I'm a fan of theirs. I'm not - but let's be accurate, shall we?	0
"Everything in life is easier when you dont concern yourself with what other people are doing 
Hope you have a good Monday ??"	2
Bing devs: WRITE THAT DOWN. WRITE THAT DOWN.	0
Showroom end level hai yr ????	2
I don't care about meaning of this song, I just enjoy the vibe!	2
"For those that want more in depth information on some of the subjects I talked about in this video, here are some detailed videos I made:
1) Newton's Law of universal gravitation: https://youtu.be/MApnf7L4g44 -
2) Entropy: https://youtu.be/T6CxT4AESCQ 
3) Electromagnetism and the speed of light: https://youtu.be/FSEJ4YLXtt8
4) Special Relativity: https://youtu.be/ZAf7FXih-Jc
5) Einstein's General Relativity: https://youtu.be/tzQC3uYL67U 
6) Quantum mechanics basics: https://youtu.be/fP2TAw7NnVU
7) Extra Credit: 4 fundamental forces of nature: https://youtu.be/669QUJrF4u0"	1
"Register and get free Certificate for the course: https://glacad.me/3J5aOHR
Topics Covered:
0:00 - Introduction to Course
1:18 - Agenda
2:56 - Introduction to Statistics
1:02:00 - Standard Deviation
2:45:00 - Correlation and Covariation
4:27:00 - Introduction to Probability
5:21:00 - Hypothesis Testing
6:31:00 - Marginal and Conditional Probability
7:17:00 - Normal Distribution
8:45:00 - Linear Regression"	1
ive been watching since freshmen year, heading into my senior year now. i self studied with many tips from here and got a 1500 today! thank you!!	2
my guy, your food is gonna get cold!	0
"This was actually a pretty good direct.

Good job nintendo! You surpised me!"	2
"throwin it back to our old school trick shot days ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??????
thanks for watching guys. we seriously appreciate you a ton"	2
Im so opportune that irrespective of the economy crisis and financial conditions I am still able to earn $19,500 returns from my initial $6,500 every 10 days. Crypto investment is the really profitable...	2
This video made me feel sadness at the world and awe at george orwell at the same time.	1
I'm speechless, such a talent, such a master of Rubik's Cube. Totally impressive.	2
How does kitsune wear glasses without human ears to hold the frames?	1
????????????? ????????????	1
Can you also give writing tips?	1
Danny is ??, great games!	2
"""This is 3 cubes""
**proceeds to make every shape in the universe BUT a cube**"	1
Me, an English literature undergrad: chuckles nervously	1
Great information I a been in business for 18 years. I learned a lot in terminology ,concepts  it was like a wake call that I can do better.  Thanks  you. I was inspired, You can always learn , keep a open mind everything is important.	2
I sang this at my graduation. This song really did make history. ??	2
"N?o entendo porqu chamam o candidato Lula de ""presidente"". Ele  Ex presidente."	1
     ????	2
Hey you are doing a great job....Help me pass my sat on August	2
still one of my top 3 fights of One Piece!	2
We want Atozy on!!	2
La miniature est trop styl !	1
The hype reaction of these reactors show how good Boruto anime is despite the hate it received at its early seasons. It definitely worth watching	2
OLA A GOAT his verse never flop, it float	2
Two years and this is still a banger that's crazy????	2
this honestly just makes me wanna drink water and have a salad ??	2
"A. Be mindful and acquire beneficial knowledge from the appropriate experts
B. Be ready to take calculated risks
C. Your brain is your biggest asset
D. Learn about good debt and bad debt
E. Think like a rich"	2
Yes sir that is a killer sinigang??????	0
Que delcia de vdeo! Tomara fa?am outros do tipo!!! Amei!	1
Kirby this year really is just the gift that keeps on giving	2
15 tries, 3 meltdowns, and 1 cry of happiness later, I have officially solved my first Rubik's Cube!	2
"listening to this with earbuds for the first time in a long time and its rly a whole new experience, its soooo good ??


edit: i used to listen to asmr without any earphones and was fine. for once i thought about using them. pls dont be weird in the comments lol"	2
its never about who bring Magnus or Hikaru , at least for me its about free analysis and quicker and lighter website . so i will always go with LICHESS	2
The music, the story, the characters, the boss fights in the future Im getting hyped for this game! OwO	2
The price of todays bikes is absolutely bonkers, doesnt make any sense whatsoever if you compare it to motorcycles or even cars	0
I've only worked in Unity once to do a code-along game that Brackey did a series on but I plan on learning both so I can choose whichever suits my needs better. I feel like both have their pros and cons from the sound of it.	1
So good to be able to witness great acting by two legends, thanks.	2
Dude imagine the creator was losing and he just said Actually the queen could move wherever so 	1
Love your information.	2
The grandma voice is so funny got me dying on the floor????????????????????????????????????????????????	2
This song was stuck in my head and now I am finally listening to it	2
i remember at that time, idk if it's true, but ppl were saying that jk almost fainted in chile because he is human and of course, he was exhausted but also because it was so hot and the altitude of chile is pretty high for them, compared to korea	1
I love it	2
"This has me HYPED for work!! About to clock in and scream Yous all thought Id be late! Look at me now! 

Congrats Leon!"	2
Desis mozzarella sticks are what Id make normally, Beths are the ones Id make when I have all day and Im feeling ambitious, and Chriss are the ones Id get at that restaurant I can only afford once a year ??	1
This was ahead of its time. If it came out right now in 2022 it would GO!!!!!????	2
Jennifer Yoon seemed both happy and mad at the same time.	1
"Ant: I am litterally unkillable
Also ant: dies minutes later"	0
"Linus: *Gets on his employee's cases for all the stuff stolen from the office*
Also Linus: *Proudly talks about all the stuff stolen from work he's using in his upgraded setup*

Linus: ""Why are you using this monitor as a table?""
Also Linus: *Uses the monitor as a chair* 

This video was hilarious"	2
for me milk actually makes it 100x spicier, even if i'm not eating something spicy! just regular pasta burns my throat with milk!	2
Lets just appreciate how much work they put into this.	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin  18kissx.Uno
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer  
2 ( elecciones ) 9.5/10 3 ( culturales ) 9.3/
????????
10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy :
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 
15:15
Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial "	1
"Its going to be sooo awesome this year and I cant wait for all the fun were gonna have in the livestream! ??
I really hope the iPhone 14 Pros coming purple. Its my first time not wanting to buy the space gray ??"	2
N?o sei quantas vezes eu j dei play  nessa msica,  muito boa slk.	1
"I am not convinced. I have done some digging into AI myself, genetic algorithms  and such. From what I can tell is that an AI is in essence a function with a lot of variables, x, y, z, etc. It then changes part of the function, via constants to achieve the goal. If it doesn't match it well enough then it tries slightly different constants and arrangements.

What I'm getting at is that there is nothing functionally different from an AI and a basic algebraic function. Y = X would then technically be a sentient being by that definition.

Finally if one says that we are just genetic and chemical robots or functions as well we then come to the point that emotions are experienced via chemicals and receptors to give an AI the ability to feel pain, sorrow, longing, grief, greed, and the like is terribly inhumane.

A super ai that spans across several different fields does not require the ability to experience emotion or even to have its own goals beyond running calculations for humans.

I mean just because the AI can out strategize doesn't mean I am going to give it the nuclear launch codes."	1
I love how Noi is scared of small spaces when hes actually in a small space when hes a friend XD	2
"""Animals"" is 9 years old and still gives me goosebumps ??"	2
Cant wait when we get to the series finale and the intro will be a full blown rave for the normies.	2
"I absolutely agree with your comments about statistics and I love/own/have read the same book cover to cover. There is now a 2nd edition with python implementation. BTW, reason I am leaving comment is to hear your thought about the actual interview questions. I recently went through google data scientist interview (1 hour tech screen) and to my surprise, the question was straight out ""coin flip"" probability and expectation problem... I was really surprised because the question is very much contrived and I couldn't come up with the answer very easily at first. That was the only question (some resume related question before that, of course) I got in the session. As a data scientist myself, those type of questions are really hit or miss and personally I don't think it'd help to measure one's understanding of stats or technical background. How would you suggest prepare those?"	2
GT4RS with the McLaren a very close second for me.I simply believe the Porshe is way more versatile and at the same time affordable too ,whilst putting the same smile on my face.	2
Well done for selecting a basic topic and elaborating in precious way????	2
youre amazing! plz do a longer version <3	2
I relly like this channel because the music is so good and gives the vibe an mood in free time	2
"In the animal kingdom, the ability to hide, disguise yourself, blend in to your surroundings and be unseen not only affords you safety from predators but can also make you a deadly hunter. In the African savannah, Zebra graze on grasses they seemingly disappear into. In the Madagascan jungles, Chameleons change the color of their skin to suit the trees they climb. In the warm tropics, Mantis blend in amongst the foliage as they hunt their prey. 

The Octopus becomes one with the great barrier reef with apparent supernatural ability. Polar Bears and the Arctic Fox disappear in the blinding snow as they scour the arctic tundra. Penguins play, unseen by predators, in Antarctica and the Snow Leopard rules the mountains of Southeast Asia. 

Animal Armory takes a closer look at these fantastical superpowers and the animals that wield them. 

Watch 'Animal Armory - Episode 4' here: https://youtu.be/aQJy3E_vkVE

#freedocumentary #nature"	1
Been watching you for YEARS,Keep on grinding!	2
David, you are the BEST on YouTube in explaining concepts relating to education coursework. You explain everything so simple which everyone with diferent learning levels can understand. Keep up the good work!!! You are the BEST!!!	2
"dumb idea: a C.A. video thats literally just exploring life on earth, describing the lifeforms with examples from fictional works in a role reversal way. treating the very real animals like their pieces of speculative work and vice versa. I.E. ""in the vast earth oceans live an apex predator unchanged for millions of years, the shark. though they look remarkably simular to the squidsharks of 4546B, but are more closely related to earth fish than squids"" as a terrible example"	0
"[Intro]
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
(Nash B chillin')

[Chorus]
I know you wanna love, but I just wanna fuck
And girl you know the deal, I gotta keep it real
I know you wanna see, I know you wanna be
In my B.E.D., grinding slowly
I know you wanna love, but I just wanna fuck
And girl you know the deal, I gotta keep it real
I know you wanna see, I know you wanna be
In my B.E.D., grinding slowly

[Verse 1]
Ay, what it is what you wanna know?
I done ripped about a hundred shows
You'll be coming back to me
Ay, you'll be coming back to me
Always worried 'bout them other hoes
And you'll be on me when the money throw
And they be looking out for Quees
And they be looking out for Quees
Bitch bad, no Kanye, when we do it, do it our way
2015 Wanya, I give no damn 'bout what ya mom say
Rollie wrist, I'm the shit, 21 with no kids
Bout to rain on a bitch, I'ma rain on a bitch"	1
This channel is actually really cool. Instead of being just a kickstarter compilation these are all actual product reviews. Going to watch a few more before subscribing but so far extremely good channel	2
Ok honestly, the cgi on she hulk looks better than in the teaser. That last shot of her saying thats good looks real. Something she never did before	2
Russel Brand did a really good job here.   He made the interview light and enjoyable, and at the same time probed Yuval to go deeper into his ideas than I've seen him go in other interviews.	2
"Here's a handy step-by-step guide for you to better navigate the tutorial!

STEP-BY-STEP: 
00:00 (Introduction)
03:06: Step 1: Make the Daisy
04:47: Step 2: Create the White Cross
06:32; (How to Hold the Cube)
08:10; Step 3: Solve the Bottom Layer
12:20;  Step 4: Solve the Second Layer
14:57: Step 5: Create the Yellow Cross
15:06: (Cube Notation)
17:35: Step 6: Solve the Yellow Face
19:10; Step 7: Position the Corners
21:46: Step 8: Position the Edges

And check out the printable text version at WIRED.com: https://www.wired.com/story/how-to-solve-a-rubiks-cube-step-by-step/"	1
Una extremista y nacionalista ???? menos que jams tuvo Piedad con el pueblo Ucraniano ????	1
I wish you could be my teacher ??	2
Great channel! Please record more videos on the edge of reinforcement learning and control theory. Congrats on your work.	2
I would really love it if crash course would make a course about teaching us how to program where in each episode they teach us about the basics of one language	2
I lowkey miss these mrbeast videos, it was more about him and his team then the money. Its great hes giving money to people who could use it but i miss these A LOT.	1
Spider-Man: No Way Home and Top Gun: Maverick both brought back the moviegoing experience in huge droves as both films became one of the first films to gross over $1 billion worldwide at the box office since the pandemic began. Also, Tom Cruise and Paramount made the right decision delaying this for two years because it's a film that's made for the big screen and everyone knows that.	2
We should take the time to thank Nick for the constant uploads. These videos just keep getting better and better!	2
"Excelente video con una pregunta filosfica profunda. Gracias por compartir esta reflexin sobre la base de tu experiencia.
Pregunta: cules son las tres herramientas (framework, data base and code writing) de las que hablaste en el vdeo que t usas?"	1
We need more people like Penrose! He is really thinking outside the box. He doesn't put assumptions on all the things he learned, like many smart people still do. We need more people like him, who is curious and ask the right questions. He truly knows where the black spots are in our knowledge. He points them out clearly. We are watching a genious of our time. 200 years from now he will be known because he was one of the few who understood how little we know and where we should look	2
this worked so well, thanks so much for these tips i followed every single step very very VERY carefully, thanks so much!	2
"I love how Hangman couldve been a typical cliche bad guy and he absolutely isnt. Hes cocky and arrogant in Top Gun because thats what Top Gun brings out of young pilots: their competitive nature. 

Once hes on the aircraft carrier, he is all business, encouraging, and ready to help. I love that."	2
She suddenly comes alive on art and the moral - always brilliant??	2
Una serie de Apple TV y con Gary Oldman en el reparto definitivamente es garanta de calidad	1
I've got that Azeron keypad. HIGHLY recommend it for all kinds of applications where quickness is ideal, but especially for gaming. Highly highly. You can even find certain models on Amazon usually. I ordered mine from the factory, for the color scheme and one of the newer designs. (the one on this video is the original design, which I'm sure is still just as phenomenal, but my fingers twitch randomly sometimes, so having the buttons above the knuckle could have been a problem.	2
My favorite singer!!!  Love it!!!  ??	2
So glad you're covering this, people need to quit wasting their money on this sauce. It's dangerous, and I don't feel sorry for anyone who buys it, we've been warned so many times now, but with a big youtuber like you talking about it, it helps get the word out! Not to mention we could start making our own!	1
@Simplilearn  Thank you for this video! Shows the power of simplicity and your ability to simplify things. And asking people to comment on the 3 scenarios, great engagement strategy! ??	2
Comparing the Switch and the Series S is a good way to explain what it is. Both have a more accessible price but the difference is that Series S has a lot more power and features but cannot be used portable in a convenient way. It depends what you need/want at that price point.	1
I don't completely agree on deep learning explanation, because for weight training, labelling is required. Yes pattern/feature extraction can be debated, but labelled data is required	0
"Cada vez o vdeo fica melhor ainda  me divirto junto com vcss .
??????"	2
TBH I believe Mario+Rabbids belonged in that list, it had a great villain and a great problem creator. It also had great battle actions and cutscenes. I also love the fact that the villains of the game were mixed together with something to make them who they are!!!	2
"I'm polish and my comfort food is ""pierogi ruskie"".
It's dumplings with potato, cheese and garlic filling, boiled and then fried in bacon fat with crispy bits of bacon and sometimes caramelized onion sprinkled on top, with a bit of butter for that extra creamy taste.
I can eat them by kilograms!"	2
I love you, truly wonderful playlist <3	2
"The Chicxulube Impact - 66 MYA
End Triassic Event - 201 MYA
The Great Dying - 252 MYA
Late Devonian Epoch - 372 MYA
End Ordovician Event - 440 MYA

Debatable Mass Extinctions:
The Great Oxidation Event - 2.45 BYA
End Guadalupian Event - 260 MYA
EoceneCOligocene Extinction - 33.9 MYA
Quaternary Extinction - 13 ThYA
Ongoing Holocene Extinction - Present Day"	1
35 a?os desde que escuch esta cancin por primera vez ( tena apenas 9 a?os) y est ms viva que nunca!	1
E-Erian on TV again. Telling you another Fed mistakes and economic doom.??	0
I prefer stickered on 3x3, because I love the look. Any bigger cubes, the amount of stickers just makes it not worth it to me, to many that can get damaged, and replacing stickers gets exponentially more annoying. I would probably feel differently if the stickers from SpeedCubeShop weren't as good as they are, so I would still take a stickered 3x3 over a stickerless, given the option.	0
Love the smooth chill......PTSD GO AWAY........JUST LET ME BE........AS ALWAYS THANKYOU FOR THE TUNES	2
Happy New Year everyone, so glad to be part of it ?	2
The care that jimmy puts into his remarkable videos is absolutely amazing	2
This song hits differently when you know the lyrics.	2
"""Why use your sign to block the camera when you can use your body?"" Lmao that got me laughing so hard."	1
Awesome video - thanks for the great information.  I own rentals too and love it..   It takes some time to figure things out, but that's true of anything.  Keep up the great work and look forward to more videos!	2
Being north India I proud Tamils and south indian. One of the most intellectual in our country..bcz they follow their culture and modernity in customized way...as per welfare of society..	2
"Hai Sir, 
Thank you for this video. I dont know even a single alphabet in this subject when compared to  all other viewers. But now a days I hear a lot about Artificial intelligence, ML, DL & DS  around me. So I thought to at least know what they mean. I struck the correct video at the first attempt and I put your lecture in white and black which came to 2 pages while viewing and hearing . The lecture was so crystal clear that me who does not have any knowledge in software (I just use word & XL for my job) has come to know about the above 4 subjects to the extent what you delivered. If I have understood, then the people who are already in this subject  would have got a lot of useful information. Now If I tell to my son who works for a software company about this subject he may feel surprised that how I could knew about this subject. Thanking your Sir once again. I am 57yrs old, can I learn and become DE or DA or DS"	2
I really love everything that is mentioned in it, if you know MitnickCorp they deal with a very interesting topic for me You have actually given me more details than what i had expected. This is so helpful and it will be selfish if i didnt share. Thanks so much and please release more like such	2
Loving this series. We get such boring Dominos pizzas here in the U.K.! The US pizzas looked good the Indian ones were interesting to see. Id really like to try that apple dip and cinnamon sugar dough dessert from the US and the Indian chocolate lava cake looked yummy.	2
"Fun game! Excellent for 24 hours! 

Seizure Bug Warning:

Don't dash right in the code input room, though.
You can break the game and if you keep dashing around you can cause the screen to start flashing enough to trigger seizures."	2
This music video is so well made. The lighting and angles are amazing and it follows the song's lyrics which doesn't happen a lot of the time. Well done shiey!	2
this was legendary, no matter what , andrew should look at this , i died laughing ????????????????	2
You know I like that Lori actually does a lot of business on the show	2
Very well explained . Very good video for beginners. I highly recommend . Thank you so much for explaining in detail. The pace is absolutely perfect.	2
I pray for all of those who take SAT to get a very good mark and everyone succeeds and goes to a good university ?	2
I FELL ENTITLED FOR EVERYONE WHO HAD RECOMMENDED HIM , HIS SERVICE IS A NICE ONE ..	2
Alhamdullilah....semoga najib tabah dan terima ini sebangai pengajaran yg amat berharga dlm hidupnya	1
One thing this video misses, and probably the one most important thing is that confidence comes from within. You can stand in any way you want, dress as fancy as you like and have enough money to make king Solomon blush, but if inside youre still insecure the world will see it. Love yourself, know youre worthy, and never let the outside effect or diminish the inside. Dont try and be or imitate someone else, be who you are and love it. One thing this video gets right: Know youre gonna be ok no matter what. Nough said, love to you all xxx	2
"Technically Ramp Buggy isn't suppose to be used as an offroad vehicle, it is a street vehicle that's classified as ""off-road"" because it's pretty much a Buggy with a ramp on its hood to windshield."	0
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.UNO
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial..."	1
thanks, legendary content. really appreciate the work you put into it	2
Yes, for your sponsor Grover. If you keep renting a product until you reach its retail price, you can keep it forever for a symbolic dollar. Or, if you fall in love with an item before that, you can also pay it off at any point. So the only issue I find with that is why must we have to pay retail for a refurbished  or used item?	1
Thank you again Rachael !   Interviews are always a challenge.  I have often contemplated how I should behave while being interviewed.  It seems that the most successful interview experiences for myself have been ones where I remained relaxed but alert, and most important,  just be myself  .  If you are acting, it will tell on you and be unfavorable.  The person you are talking to is not God, just another person.  Keep that in mind during the interview process.  Always be respectful and honest.  I always enjoy listening to you Rachel no matter what you talk about because your diction is near perfect.	2
Much in the way they did with Spider-Man, It does help to have Fantastic Four cast early so they can introduce them in other movies and shows. That allows them to introduce the characters and have their audience familiar with them without having to do an(other) origin story for them.	2
Chadwick Boseman is the reason we're where we are with this sequel! You rest in peace my friend, you are and always will be our Black Panther. Wakanda Forever! This trailer looks epic!	2
Rahul is so used to debate with dumb North Indian politicians he lost the whole plot. Mr. Thiagarajan nailed it.	0
this is a really good episode, lots of great moments. the son getting excited about his dad standing up for himself, the owner secretly shaking the pan while handcuffed, the owner eating the plants straight from the pot... a fun time	2
Hey Nate, thanks for making this video.  I'm a long time sub and love seeing your videos and agree with you about all the ads for courses on YouTube recently.   I'm not going to fault anyone for trying to hustle but I respect that you have maintained your high standards.  Hope all is well and love the ideas!	2
Very nice lecture	2
"That glass pane-beacon thing was neat, I liked that. Though I find beacon beams kind of unsightly in general. I kind of wish you could have the boosted effect without the beam. I know Vanilla Tweaks has a resource to have them be invisible to me, but that doesn't mean EVERYONE isn't seeming my base just SURROUNDED in beams. Maybe they could make tinted glass function as a ""beam nullifier"" while still maintaining effects? That'd be nice."	2
"A lot of people are missing the reason why Hrithik went in different direction to Vedha's character than Sethupathi's calm & composed. 

Vikram Vedha is based on old Indian folk tale/mythology of Vikram-Betaal(Baital) from Baital-Pachisi. Betaal is described as a creature/monster who questions king Vikramaditya's strong sense of justice. Betaal is little bit crazy, and inhuman (addressing Achara's concern), and that's the vibe I'm getting from Hrithik's Vedha's unlike Sethupathi. They are going more traditional route, and Hrithik didn't copy Amitabh's character from Agneepath, either. 

Honestly, I like the approach original creators and Hrithik took for this one."	1
26 years self employed in the same trade within the UK and have to agree some customers are a pain. Good job ??	1
Quero jogar esse Lies of P parace muito bom.????	1
Solid tutorial ????	2
This has been one of your best video's yet dude! Keep up the great work! :)	2
???????~~?? ????? ??? ????? ??  ????? ??? ???? ?? ???? ????~~  ??? ???? ??? ???~~  ?????~~?? ??? ?? ?? ???? ??~~? ???? ?? ?? ???? ????~ ??? ?????~~  ?? ????? ?????~^^?	1
The best tutorial I have ever taken. Structured, easy to go back to, clear examples, keeping it essential, but not trivial. Love it!	2
Awesome!  I'm waiting for the Pro version 50mm.  And hoping for longer battery life.  Battery life was why I sold my Series 7 after a few months.  Coming off a 3--5 day FitBit, it just didn't offer enough value to me with the need to always charge during the day.	2
THIS IS MY DEFINITION OF A TEACHER. HE SHOWS SO MUCH PASSION IN HIS TEACHING AND ITS SIMPLIFIED FOR ME TO UNDERSTAND.	2
Considering the games releasing for other major Consoles, It's Amazing how Nintento still holding it's possition as one of the big 3.	2
I just sat through a 3 day ML accelerator class and you series did a far better job at explaining them with 4 twenty minute videos. Well done mate. Really appreciate it. Thank you	2
Imagine this guy with his personality if he is not rich	0
It's touching to hear Elon talk about wanting to bridge a gap between the genetically unfortunate with intelligence augmentation. My mother has a hereditary severe brain disease that affected her life & disabled her. The impact of her brain health affected my development/life and my brain health. The genetic component also affected my brain health. Currently I'm functionally disabled from it too. It's a constant chronic hell cycle. It's comforting to know someone out there as dedicated and capable as Elon Musk is thinking about disadvantaged people like my mother & I.	1
GOOD VIDEO.. EVERYONE NEEDS MORE THAN THEIR BASIC SALARY TO BE FINANCIALLY SECURED, THE BEST THING TO DO WITH YOUR MONEY IS TO INVEST MONEY LEFT IN SAVINGS ALWAYS END UP USED WITH NO RETURNS	2
Mr.Jon Bon Jovi is probably the most underrated singer of our time, recently heard him without background music and choirs, he's pretty amazing singer.	2
I'm glad you didn't show yourself eating salads and drinking Starbucks 90% of the time, but actually showed your work. Great content, subbed!	2
Thank you for this video!  Currently applying for a Master's in Data Science and this is great anecdotal support.	2
Hi, i want to request for the datasets used in the course	1
First, there was a World ruled by Birds and now, a World ruled by Frogs? What's next? Cats? Snakes? Elephants? The possibilities are truly *endless* in Speculative Evolution.	1
"Timmy: ""If he can solve the white side in 15 seconds..""
Also Timmy: ""Solve this puzzle in 15 seconds."""	1
"""One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If weve been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. Were no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured us. Its simply too painful to acknowledge, even to ourselves, that weve been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back.""  -Carl Sagan"	0
Amo ?	2
I missed you, thanks for getting me giggling when Im feeling like sh!t	2
It would be nice to see a more intricate trolling video where youve been attending regular meetings and become a regular just to fuck it up. Or you host a meeting yourself and kick people for dumb reasons and get reactions ??	0
Well explained sir ??I am very excited about the prospect of using cryptocurrency, not just as a money equivalent, but using it as a way to earn something as a result of doing some type of work.	2
Im not a united fan. But when I say this game gave me chills it reassured me why I watch the premier league	2
This actually worked really well for me! The first time I tried it it took me awhile but I got to the last step, then messed it up. But, I realized it was still partially solved somehow, except the yellow was the one that was solved and the white was broken up. I just redid the last few steps with the cube upside-down (yellow on the bottom and white on the top) and it worked! Thanks for this wonderful tutorial, this was my first time solving a Rubik's cube!!	2
Toujours des Bonn conseils merci	1
You didn't balance any equations Tyler, you've balanced my life.	1
This lesson made me excited to dive into chemistry I'm just learning it for the sake of knowing how the world works. Can't wait for the next lesson.	2
i had the same idea using a skulk sensor for a secret base entrance.  i used it at a mountain and put it at a spot where you can get to the door in time but the pistons dont activate it.  nice job with yours	1
Considering how well Nintendo exclusives sell on all their hardware and especially so on the Switch I find Phil's comments laughable	0
Im the best!	2
"THANK YOU ALL FOR HELPING US REACH 10K SUBS!!!!!

as for the 5k giveaway (ironic I know) ;
2x $15 cards are for:

- Kauan Mariani Ferreira
- Abhinav Basnet

Congrats to you! 
Ill reply on your comments for info!

Ivaan Srivas still needs to contact me for the $20 giftcard
Ill give it one more week, otherwise Im giving that one away to someone else..? ??"	2
Once again: You are the epitome of success. Thank you for making these videos! Hope you hit 100k during summer of 2021! You motivate and aspire me a lot!	2
Had the pleasure of working at the same practice as Dr Iroku during his time in NC. He truly is just as nice in person as he appears in this video. So nice to see a familiar face!	2
"As vezes fico pensando... ""era melhor o thanos ter ganho"" ."	1
Nice movie ??	2
You could not have been more spot on with Thirteen Lives Darren. What an amazing film! Incredible. Thank you as always for the recommendations.	2
I'm an English student, and this guy speaks so clearly that I can understand pretty much everything, thank you so much for the content!	2
"""Hurdles....kicks a man!"" is one of the best calls of all time."	2
Absolute tune.	1
yesss love ur audios , they always a VIBE, could listen for hours	2
As a new teacher, this video really inspires me to make a difference in my own school. It won't be easy, definitely but the idea is there.	2
??Explore Our FREE Courses With Completion Certificate: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-caxhMlw_04	1
Tenho  certeza que esse switch vai ficar bonito, adoro vdeo de modifica??o do switch, Coelho?? ???? # nintendista sem Nintendo switch ??	2
Currently building up skills to eventually try and become a data analyst! Enjoyed the dope content, should def do some more!	2
Thank you so much Brandon,I love your entertaining and informative videos!!.I really appreciate your efforts and dedication!!.You are so awesome and amazing!!.I cant wait for the iPhone 14s and iOS 16!!.Keep up your great efforts Brandon!.	2
Desh ka kanoon, sambidhan  superem court, election commission me koi educated log nhi h ki jo aafami jail gaya ho ,balatkari ho ,aatanki spot, mudar kiya ho en log ko leader  kyo,  jinko sambidhan  ki abacd malum nhi aaj bharat me leader h to kya vikas hoga ghanta	1
Imagina o que o Xand?o vai fazer se o Larpio for eleito?? Deus nos livre de uma tragdia dessas!!! ????	2
Hope you guys enjoyed this update! Don't forget that you can get the content that you are missing here on my other social channels ?? https://guy.coinbureau.com/socials/. You also need to subscribe to my clips channel which has shorter market updates and livestreams https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR93yACeNzxMSk6Y1cHM2pw	2
The song is very beautiful. Both neil and aishwarya are very beautiful. And the acting is excellent.???????? Love from Sri Lanka ???? ?	2
"Mathematician: we have to analyze everything  through with logic, so that we know how to apply it.
Physicist: let's poke it, and see what happens."	1
"According to WalletHub the best state in the country for quality of education is Massachusetts followed by California, according to research released  (January 21, 2019) by WalletHub. The study was part of WalletHubs annual ranking of the Most & Least Educated States in America. This years ranking combined two categories  educational attainment and quality of education  broken down by 20 relevant metrics. Massachusetts placed first in both categories followed by California. 

While the educational attainment category is based solely on the percentage of residents with high school, associates, undergraduate, and graduate diplomas, quality of education includes 16 metrics ranging from quality of public high schools to quality of public universities to educational attainment based on gender and race. Within that category, California follows Massachusetts. Rounding out the top five for quality of education are Florida, Maryland, and Vermont, respectively."	2
The fact that birds are technically dinosaurs is a fact that would have blown my mind as a kid. Which is why I try to bring it up with kids as often as I can! Growing up, Plesiosaurus was my favorite dinosaur, although its technically not a dinosaur. My other favorites are Maiasaura and Parasaurolophus	2
I am a 10th grader and I am just starting thanks a lot bro, you are a life saver	2
Does the sound dim at random points for anyone else? It's like someone muffled the mic arbitrarily.	0
"A voice from Cambodia ????!

I came from a state owned school and finished my high school examination with A grade. Then, I enrolled in a state owned university and completed my bachelor degree last month. Recently, I joined a Management Trainee Program to compete with other fresh graduate students in order to earn the top 5 spots to be qualified. One of them was a girl that graduated from foreign countries (she spent 3 years in Singapore and one year in Australia) and I can see clearly see the difference between us in term of languages, skills, and knowledge. Its hard to stay being optimist because in reality students from rural areas in my countries dont even know how to properly use a computer while those in urban areas ace this skill and other multiple skills since they were young. To my knowledge, one of the possible ways right now is to enrich the English language to the disadvantaged students and also creating high quality educating contents in our own language, namely Khmer. Ideally, I hope those students will obtain the proficiency in English language, then study the contents that suit their interests through educational media that vastly available at hand now."	1
To test consciousness we have to be asking about its thoughts and feeling. By asking it questions with solid answers its like a book. Just pulling up information it learned elsewhere. We need to be asking things it cant learn by research	1
Hello Richard! I dont usually make YouTube comments but now I feel like I should. Before knowing this channel I was failing every single one of my interviews. After your videos and content I started passing them and I got 2 job offers. Thank you so much for your service. It was life changing for me. ??	2
Imagine threatening to murder someone over zoom bombing	0
him constantly pulling the wrong papers was so funny lmao	2
"I agree that the fears of full automation and a fully saturated job market are overblown but at the same time I think there's a real pair of twin concerns that people considering advanced education should be concerned about: democratization and the experience catch 22. 

I feel like your video alluded to what I mean by democratization quite well so I think we're probably in agreement there. A lot of programs focus on training people to understand the ins and outs of libraries like tensorflow, pytorch, and sklearn as well as how to mathematically derive and formally describe a bunch of models. I think a lot of the implementation of those models is routine and boiler-plate enough that it's ripe for ""automation"" using some kind of auto-ml, the sql-like syntax that redshift and BigQuery offer, or some managed product that abstracts the implementation away. This opens ML models up to the tech-savy but non-specialist employees who have a very firm grasp on the domain knowledge already, pushing the roles that require deep technical expertise farther out to data engineering and ML-OPs. We still need people to hyperoptimize models and do core research for critical applications but often it's just not business critical to hire full teams to read papers and install cutting edge deep learning models off of github all day.

For experience I really think there's a cruel pattern emerging of people investing enormous amounts of time and money toward masters programs and endless self-teaching motivated by the perception that the industry is starved for people. This is where I think we disagree: the job opening numbers you present are accurate but you don't talk about how that need is distributed with respect to years of experience. The largest companies have well structured well funded teams that can afford to take on new grads that need training but a lot of companies are only interested if you have a proven track record and can convince them you can deliver value extremely quickly with little need for them to train or invest in you. I would love to see a graph overlaying the number of candidates at each experience level over the number of jobs searching for people at that level. My expectation is that you'd see a massive gap favoring employers at 0-2 years of experience and a massive gap favoring employees at 5+ years of experience. So while the industry is expanding, the companies aren't hiring juniors, or at least not at the rate you need to be optimistic coming out of an expensive not top tier masters program.

Together I think these trends speak to a frightening future for the opportunities for new data science professionals. If workers with domain experience (but not a DS education) can be hired directly into the junior roles given the democratization of the field and if education alone is insufficient to get you an entry level job I think we're going to see a very desperate job market for people trying to get into the industry. Perhaps what will happen is that new grads will need to pick an industry and work a non data science job for long enough to gain years of domain experience but that can be a hard sell after spending enormous amounts of time and money on a new degree"	2
Muy bueno el juego, aunque tambien le faltaria el modo survival, el poder volar en creativo, y en android no se ve sombra del jugador. Estos son tips que podras usar en un futuro para actualizar el rtxcrafr ;)????	2
Heres a story for you beginners , I went into my first class of cse with no knowledge of coding, I got a C in intro to Java, okay yeah I did bad but then I wanted to get better so I did some practice over the winter to improve my logic, okay B in the next highest class the following semester, Software 1. Then over the summer I was able to learn so many other languages, Swift, Python, JavaScript. I had all this growth in a little under a year. All Im saying is if you guys are worried about being a beginner who doesnt know how to code, and dont think it will get easier. Trust me, it gets easier, do simple personal projects to help yourself get the flow of implementing your own logic in things like (it elses, while for loops etc) to help you gain a feel of how they work. I would struggle on projects during the semester on how to make a blackjack game in java, as a beginner this is a daunting task for me. So over winter break I made projects such as, modeling a Car in java, okay what functions does a car have, accelerate, decelerate, break, etc. from then I could think of variables, okay what could toggle a car being on or off? Oh a boolean! Oh maybe my car should run only when the gas level is greater than zero, okay thats loop there, with gas level modeled as an int. See things like this slowly helped my logic grow, and now I can tackle any language or problem my class throws at me. Trust me  Im still a beginner as well, but I ended up catching up to the kids around me when I was once behind, and in times when you feel like giving up, please dont, I urge you to stick through it because it does get easier.	2
"Just wanna real quick say that if you plan on being really good at building, this is NOT the only tutorial you need, not even remotely. Being an expert at building requires near perfect understanding of the basics, ie what they are and how to execute them. You need to understand most if not all of the simple concepts there are, have a huge amount of tricks and ideas saved up for detailing and really anything for that matter, often times even understand things like color theory. There is way too much to becoming a good builder to fit into a single video, especially an 8 minute one. But as far as guidelines for people who just want a nice house this video is great, pretty much everything is spot on and will make things look good almost every time you build it.





Also if you want to get really into building, I would recommend watching all of Grians tutorials, and once you've gotten to a decently advanced level, watching tutorials from another, far smaller youtuber who goes by Horace - Minecraft. he is an amazing content creator and is incredibly talented in his craft, in my opinion, even better than grian is, though they do build in vastly different ways so there isn't much comparison that works there."	1
Please check the first 4 kills That is me IMxDevil	1
Need more tech CEOs like him a humble man who knows what he's capable of. Great combo!	2
Chandler has been my favorite character for so long and seeing him win 10,000 dollars made me hype	2
I know that you have other things going on, but I seriously miss the regularity of your videos during the height of the pandemic. You, J. Kenji Lopez-Alt, Marion's Kitchen, Nicki Positano, and a few others are what got me through the days (weeks!) of quarantining alone and food shortages. The fridge in your old kitchen gave me hope that I  could shop and cook for good food and make it work in my ancient undersized fridge. At the same time, I was unemployed just before the pandemic. I'm now employed again (yay!), but I miss the regularity/frequency of my favorite YouTube channels. Best wishes!	1
Me gusta que se ve muy colorido ya que antes de esta serie se viene Moon knight que es un personaje ms oscura (tambin por las diferentes edades y etapas xd) y as despus que viene est toda colorida me gusta el contraste de diferentes personajes con personalidades claramente diferentes y creo que las 2 van a ser muy picas	1
When a bunch of cells is watching a bunch of cells explaining a bunch of cells.	1
Jimmy you are doing everything (and much more) that I've always wanted and helping people in such an amazing capacity. May God keep blessing you. I love watching you do this because I probably will never get to	2
"I listened to Lofi many years ago, when I was in college doing my electric circuits homework (curse that I failed haha) crying at 4am because I didn't understand anything.After this.
After 6 years I finally graduated from college, I'm  officially a Music Producer Engineer and I want you (person who is reading this) that you must live your life like if you where listening to this music, no worries, calm, chill, no stress, just happy and giving love to everyone. Enjoy your days and don't let anything to move you away this mindset, nothing is too bad, I can't count the times where life just changed too fast and everything I had planed didn't matter anymore, just vibe and smile."	2
Haaland shouldve gotten the ball a couple times. However, he opened up so much space just by being on the pitch. He is a threat and the teams know it	1
Zach Hample eating it is classic! Hahahaha	2
I wouldn't be surprised if Ben was the mastermind behind BitConnect! ;-p	1
Im doing CS to be a software engineer, currently in 2nd year of college??	2
"His music blows me away Everytime!!!
Amazing as always ?? he has the power to make u feel something special each time you play a cb song. Must see him in Concert please come back to SD :)"	2
Born due to a Portillo's spicy beef,  then raised on Chicago dogs. College was filled with In N Out and LA Street dogs. Now getting ready to move to Steak and Shake to raise the kids. Once a Midwest girl, always a Midwest girl!	1
I have watched this movie 100+ times and I don't remember half of these scenes ?? I know I'm not getting old now	2
"One thing about the inhabitated lodge: given its a desert animal (I think) it would make more sense if its tadpoles inhabit its back. A protected reservoir seems tl be good for tadpoles in a water poor enviroment.
 And given how beecomb frogs already carry their eggs/tadpoles in Chambers of there belly, this would feel like a nice nod to this real animal.
In addition this could be a way to get ""mammalian"" or ""placentalian"" amphibians of sorts, if it would continue to evolve along this line"	2
"Dudes!!!!! Great production here!!!! So great to see the progressive improvements! 

Really great format!!"	2
Can we just talk about how nice Gibis handwriting is!	2
This was played at my best friends funeral. He was 15 and taken from Duchesne muscular dystrophy... Rest in peace chase	1
The fact that we found out Jimmy hasn't eaten in 2 weeks in this place full of candy makes me feel for him.	0
I would love to see If Bing was a Guy. Just imagine a super nice guy giving you the most psychotic responses.	2
I was raised in a teaching family when the profession was respected and teacher strikes unheard of.  Fast forward to a major university where teaching majors walk away from the profession after their first classroom experiences.  Why would any sane person want to be in a job when they are disrespected or not trusted so much?	0
They were going to sell Ieo time for 1 dollar, I already bought it for 60 cents	1
By far my most favourite series camodo, good job all is appreciated. ??	2
Anna took two losses in a row and was laughing and having fun with a strong player. It's amazing to watch two pros go neck and neck at each other like this. Thank you so much!	2
YEAHHHH	2
Huge props to the set designers, everything was spot on!	2
I love this food	2
I wish you success :)	2
I started at 255 in April and I played so badly that my friends made me a laughing stock whenever I play together with them. I decided to subscribe to your channel, put some effort to study openings (I pick solely London for white and either KID or Scandi for black), and in 2 months I went up to 500. I stagnated between 600-700 until August, so I decided to learn more from you, consequently I start winning and 0-blunder games started to be a habit around November. In December I reached 900 and after now I am finally at the 4-digit mark. Thank you Levy! You're such a great teacher!	1
taking the SAT on saturday good luck to everyone else who is doing the same!	2
"Anna, love the videos.  2 suggestions: 1) it'd be awesome if you could show the clock somehow?. Maybe a digital clock that can be synchronized to the video?  2) If you or opponent resign, a 30 second explanation of why it was ""resigns"" at the end would be awesome.  In this case, I saw your B on a5 was hanging and white's rook defending their e2 bishop.  But it's not always super easy for us to figure out."	2
still in love with the zhanchi. still using one. amazing cube	2
its wwanderful	1
Great video! I'm quite interested in pursuing a career in data science in the future, and I'm wondering if you've got any tips/tricks for someone who's somewhat got his basics down. Looking forward to more of your videos!	2
Impossible, nothing like that could ever be made.	0
Thank You so much Chris Bailey. The lack of focus is a problematic situation. And now I got the perfect ideal solution for tackling that difficulty. Thank You so much. Your words are so strong and captivating. Will try the tips, as you said in the talk. Thank You TEDx for always coming up with such wonderful contents.	2
Arsenal's got 3 Gabriels and all of them have been phenomenal	2
"Sad that Val Kilmer (Iceman) has been dealing with throat cancer these last few years (you saw him in Willow). But its beautiful how they wrote his illness into the story, and gave his character weight and honor.

He also played Batman once. ??"	2
"I love when Andrew said""look at what we're doing now guys are just so bored""??????????"	2
"*Grandson:* Grandpa, what's the most important thing in life?
*JJ as a grandpa:* Trolling people on Zoom."	1
"part 2 isterseniz mutlaka bir L?KE ???? b?rak?p ABONE OLMAYI unutmay?n #hedef600k

? Instagram ? https://www.instagram.com/_boralo/"	1
Yeah but if you buy a rechargeable battery pack for the XB controller, you can actually charge it up using your same charger that your phone uses plugged into the wall. The PS controller will only charge when its connected directly to the console.	1
"""Continuity: The board changes every move you make.""

Lesson learned: Every step you take, Levy is watching you."	1
So I learned when pitchers accidentally hit or almost hit someone, they throw the perfect pitch for a homerun afterwards.	1
2:23 I love Ty Dolla $ign solo!	2
Release nothing. Make 'the public' /PRESS wait. There's gonna be time enough for curiosities, news talk programmes and news-papers to be amply catered for AFTER the gavel has dropped on this affair.	1
"""This is just overreach by my political opponents"" - Charles Manson"	0
Great content  explained in simplicity.  Thank you for a job well done	2
I've been waiting forever for this one. Although I'm biased by being a biochemist myself, he did an amazing job at bringing all the branches together in a smooth, non-confusing way! I would like to see a map of medicine or linguistics in the future.	2
"""Teacher bot can't teach, But it can test"" Did you just explain the entire American School system?"	0
"I've just recently gotten back into puzzles, so naturally I'm enjoying watching videos like this. I saw the thumbnail for this one and I'm like ""My gods! WHERE are y'all getting all these from?!"" So I click and literally in the first 5 seconds you give me the answer... and a sweet discount code. ??  Thank you! ????

21:00 the 4x4 axis looks horrible! The 3x3 axis I'm working on is a nightmare! ????"	2
the one about catching more food or not by sticking your tongue out is really gonna teach those women how to do it right	1
~0,66 mm larger lenses on iPhone 14 will be a HUGE difference on such small optics!! That will render much faster speeds and maybe even make room for bigger image sensors or better stabilisation.	2
LOVE IT! I JUST COULD NOT STOP LAUGHING!	2
I hate to say it and i hope I dont sound ridiculous but i dont know who this man is. I mean, he could be walking down the street, and i wouldnt know a thing... sorry to this man.	0
We Both studied in same school at Chennai its very amazing to see sundar now, he was a calm and quite guy in class room a bit of shy But he was studious.	2
Human trafficking and sex slavery it still going on but not where I live at	0
Quite inspiring story, I think most of us would be definitely interested in getting to hear a 2nd part of your journey.	2
Learning from the professionals....  thank you!	2
This is a great channel, definitely will get much more recognitions in the future!	2
Eeeeeeeee finalmente vdeo novo eu adoro seu canal	1
Hey, thank u for making this video! I'm going to be in the 10th grade this fall and I'm thinking about taking the SAT in 11th grade(spring 2024). I'm foreign and you really motivated me to start getting ready for the exam so I succeed and  fulfill my dream of attending a university in the USA:)	2
Youre still talking about the rumors in this entire video. Your headline of the video is 100% false information as nothing has finally been revealed ????????	0
one and only superstar mahesh Annaaya ???????????????????????	2
"This thing is also evident in India. Students preparing for NEET/JEE (and for many other competitive exams) who pay lakhs of fees in coaching institutes get a remarkable edge over the students who can't afford to go to these coachings. Most of the teachers teaching at these institutes are IITians, doctors, etc. These coachings provide great facilities to their students, so the results are obvious. There are very few government colleges (of class 11 and 12) in India who actually prepare their students for these competitive exams. 
Also what I have noticed is that it's not just the school that you go to matters but also the kind of peer group which you have. Also, the support and thinking of your parents and the overall society and environment in which live matters when it comes to education."	2
Thank you, Einzelganger, for these mentally nutritious videos that you make for us to feed our minds.  Peace.	2
What's up, been a long time subscriber love the content keep up the good content	2
Great information JazakAllah	2
???????????????	1
Spasky was honestly the mvp of the story with giving into Fischers demands to ensure he got a fair shot to prove his title even though he was being pressured to win at all costs by the soviet union, just because he respected him. Plus even though Fischer went off grid for like twenty years, Spasky was willing to go out of his way to play with him again. Then to try and personally protest for his release from prison and even ask to stay in his cell to play chess with him, just because he respected his skill so much.	1
I am a landlord and realize I could get so much more for my well-maintained and in a great neighborhood houses. I have chosen over the 25 plus years of owning these homes, that I would rather treat people fairly and respectfully. I did not raise rents for MANY years. In NC, landlords can only raise rents by 5% per year. Because I did not do that, my tenants are paying a few hundred dollars below what I could get with new tenants. I have had tenants for more than 20+ years. We all become a part of each other's lives. I care about my tenants. Please do not bash ALL landlords. Good landlords do care about their tenants.	1
To be real when I first heard this song I immediately love it. And honestly the vibe is great as well. ????????	2
If you want to learn more about the 21 Sikhs, Yarnhub had done a great job of animating the battle.	2
We need these types of videos in veterinary and nursing degrees, there are so many misconceptions about the two fields your help and expertise would be great	2
When I grow up and have enough money to support myself I am going to make sure reimburse you for how much you have helped me out throughout all of highschool. I started off with a 640 on math when I took the August 2020 SAT. I started to watch your vides and I improved to a 730 on the December 2020 SAT. Aiming for a 750+ this time around and I am so confident because of all the practice materials you have provided to us for free. From the bottom of my heart I thank you so much.	2
That wind assist goal was amazing	2
It's such a shame this song wasn't a hit in America.  This is pop perfection.	0
The one thing I HATE about these shows and the people in them is that they state their own hypothesis or that of others but state them as fact not as what they are hypothesis! Opinion or at most very well educated guesses! The ONLY way to claim those cave paintings are one thing beyond a shadow of a doubt would be to talk to the actual creators of the images! Shame on them for lying.	0
I knew something was missing out of my daily life. Thanks for the vids Jay. Your work and content is so underrated.	2
The look you gave ya man when he walked in ?? you definitely need to do more mukbangs friend!	2
Let's just appreciate the fact that aliens have oxygen in their spacecraft, and that their so sweet ??	2
This man literally born to create history hats off to Jimmy and the crew.	2
Honestly, I feel like the most important option with a tutorial is the option to skip it entirely (for replaying purposes) and the option to revisit it at any point in the game	2
Sir, thank you very much for posting this. I have learned a lot just by watching your video. I also took the important details on my notes so that I can review it. You are such an amazing professor just like my biology prof when I was in grade 12 who can explain everything in detailed and examples. By the way I am from the Philippines and I am having a college entrance exam this May ?? Thank you again Sir for the series of video you've made for biology. I am currently watching them ??	2
I've got my test tomorrow, thank you SO MUCH. You know one of those times when the teachers teach you stuff but then your friend just explains it briefly and easily and you understand just better than the 1 hour looong session. That's exactly how I felt. Anyways thanks again and wish me luck!	2
These older movies really know how to pull on the heart strings. Damn I'm a sucker for emotion. Great acting.	2
This was so awesome and fun! As a person of Indian descent, it's amazing to see our people at the head of these tech companies (Google, Microsoft) making such a positive impact.	2
"Hermosa eleccin babes.18kissx.Uno
de los mejores conciertos ?
22:22 Senada: ""Hermoso""
22:22 Megan: ""Hotter"" 
22:22 Hopi: ""Sweeter""
22:22 Yoongi: ""Butter"" 
22:22 Amor: ""Momentos"" 
22:22 Alfiora: ""Preety""
22:22 Alana: ""Awesome"" 
22:22 Joonie: ""Cooler""
22:22 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente zifn ?? 15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ?? "	1
Revisiting this video today. This the video that got me into AI. I'm a Deep Learning Engineer today. Thanks, SethBling. Cheers!	2
Ig?o trs de volta o Need 2015, mas sem os moods please ahahah, Madrugadas, carros e chuva q quadro lindo ahaha	1
I love how the survival expert they hired could change his age and appearance at will	2
0:33 this is what literally every hockey team does when a player breaks a stick, the only difference here is that he scored right after	1
"Blows my mind how quickly Dan became the ""rock"" upon which all things Linus stands...Love it"	2
They are alive in our hearts ??	2
Teori: Minecraft Bedrock'?n Beta srmlerinde yukar?da beya bir yaz? var. Cihaz markas? ve modeli, oyun srm, dnya ayarlar? ve SEED bulunuyor. O beyaz yaz?daki seed: -450103466. Belki Billy Minecraft Bedrock'da ve bu seedde kar??m?za ??k?yor.	1
This is a better explanation than I've heard in any college physics/engineering course. Thanks.	2
Hey, that's a really great tutorial! 5 minutes is all it took! Thank you!	2
Msica  top incrvel ??	2
Can we watch one video where he plays throughout the hole match without leaving	1
When your game turned pink after the render pipeline switch, that was supposed to happen. It seemed like you had forgotten to change all of the materials to the new RP materials. It should be somewhere in Edit, inside the Rendering, URP, convert all materials. Sorry if I'm wrong though. Good video!	1
I lost my job of 13 years in early Aug. I had two interviews with two different companies, I got an offer from both. Your videos really helped me prepare, I was so nervous after not doing an interview in 13 years. I was thrown some curve balls in one of the interviews but just doing some prep work made it so much easier to respond effectively. Thanks so much for the content!	2
To the doubters out there. It takes tremendous effort to be so skilled that you can reject offers this lucrative so don't judge this based on your experience just because you're still new and haven't seen shit yet.  I'm Only six months into learning but I already realize this field is so f wide and the needed skills just to be a Jr developer are increasing daily. Props to you my dude ??.	2
It really helps when she NAMES the chords and or keynotes.  When she covers the lessons at a slow pace and when the keynotes LIGHT up it is easy to follow along!! ??????????	2
you dont need to go to Harvard to learn programming. mosh is the expert on teaching programming than any universities in the world. trust me i am witness. i used to be one of the people who dont understand coding and got lowest grade in university. but i decided to quit college and bought all his full stack courses. now i fall in love with coding and becoming the best on the field. Thanks Mosh!!	2
Two questions: 1) To this lawyer, what is honor? 2) What is it about Donald Trump that makes is it an honor to represent him?	1
"it was a great overview of all the process.  it would be great if we get more videos on DATA PREPARATION, EDA. various methods
for different scenarios."	2
Will be interesting to see how far arsenals defense will take them this year, they have plenty of offense	2
Thank you for doing such a good service to the community by bringing such amazing quality content for free. I cant tell you how much I appreciate it. Lots of love and respect to the team.	2
Bong cloud has one variation super easy to learn and surprises the opponent. Has to be the top 3 openings	2
I love wireless setups and the wireless charger is always a bonus! Thanks for the best content as always!	2
Chandler went from always losing to always winning lol	1
This is so exceptional  and simplified, am so grateful for this.	2
"i'm so glad that the direction they're going with when it comes to ""chaos"" is pure expression and a sense of warmth, rather than falling into the trap of being edgy"	2
Too many rumors and with the recession coming I think it's a wrong time to put stock in future guarantee. Apple and other big companies just dropped a big number of employees and it's going to get worse if the recession is really coming.	0
"Speaking about Backrooms, You definitely should check out ""The Complex: Found Footage"" (free game on Steam).
It's HEAVILY inspired by Kane Pixels version and NAILS the vibe."	2
I cant help but to dance when I hear this ??	2
^m_1M,xF@glove u???	2
The way that kid tried putting his hair back in to place??	1
"*Lovely soft music, very relaxing ????
Peace on your way to you and all who are reading this ??*"	2
<Always good to hear your thoughtful and logical analysis. Do yourself and family a favor and stop stressing the day to day headlines, trade a small percentage of your portfolio rather than going in and out every week trying to time the market ?? trading went smooth for me, thanks to Bobby Lucas for his amazing skills for helping me to earn 9 Btc from 3 Btc in weeks through trading chart.	2
"Hello Daniel, Just wanted to say thank you for sharing your knowledge and resources. I have been following you for weeks now and your channel is my favorite to learn about machine Learning... very inspiring and insightful ! Thank you and keep up the good work mate! 
Cheers, Aymane"	2
Trump's going to end dementia joe, heels up harris, Warmonger, the House Drinker and numerous other demonrat careers??????????????.	0
I love your videos so much ??	2
I have my test in an hour. So far I know electrons are involved somehow.	1
MY FINANCIAL GOAL IS TO BE MAKING AT LEAST UP TO $1,000,000 EVERY YEAR BY INVESTING HEAVILY BOTH IN CRYPTO AND STOCK. I NEED GUIDIANCE. please comment below....	1
Chappelle will always be untouchable	2
"Men of culture. The thumbnail has met us again 
??"	1
"?Timestamps?
...............??................
0:00 i was never there x the hills
0:11 swang (remix)
0:22 i?m always on your left x on that time
0:32 foot fungus
0:40 NDA
1:04 under the influence
1:23 touch down 2 cause hell
1:37 streets (silhouette remix)
1:57 you look lonely
2:08 no type
2:26 love me
2:32 gucci flip flops
2:41 mr steal your girl
2:52 wannabe
3:14 renegade
3:45 lets link
3:56 ice ice baby
4:04 not one of dem
4:12 no guidance
4:29 sweater weather
4:54 rules"	1
I love when she chew the mushrooms the sound is so good	2
Im glad Subtrist has some boundaries, trolling a city/town Council meeting is the line	1
"""if you're innocent why ya taking the fifth amendment?"""	1
What chemistry among these commentators, what learning and fun for us lower-rated amateurs!  Congrats, David, on your Olympiad medal!  Way to show the flag of England.  Hope you can still do commentary now and then if you join the chess tour and, if you join,  may your skills take you to 2800.  God Bless.	2
"Click the ""JOIN"" button below the video to support freeCodeCamp.org!"	2
Stuff is always so open to interpretation I ragequit before a few chapters trying to analyze literature. It takes all the joy of reading out of me.	0
"?????? ????? ???
    ?????? ???? ?? ?????
                    ???..!????"	1
Since we did dragons, and horse paleontology is so rarely touched on, a unicorn or other myth creature could be another cool video	2
"Can we now say, ""Lock him up!""?"	0
"I've always thought it interesting how differently sorting algorithms work to how we, as humans, seem to sort things; it seems like we're much more efficient than many of the algorithms (at least the ones I've seen, which is admittedly few). For example, when we look at all the items, we remember what we saw before and can change more than one thing at once (e.g. ""oh, I remember that was the smallest before I found the actual smallest, so that's the second smallest. Let me put both of them first and second right now, saving myself a re-look""). I know computers are still faster in the end, but I suspect that's because we physically cannot write or move objects around as quickly as a computer can physically write data (and possibly our brain has a slower ""clock speed""), rather than computational efficiency. Anyone know if that's true?

Has anyone made a ""human sort"" algorithm, so to speak, that sorts the way we do, including our little ""tricks""? (I'm guessing no). If not, are there any algorithms that at least take advantage of a trick or two, like the one I just described?"	2
Thanks to all your support, Bitboy just announced hes dropping the lawsuit! presumably due to the backlash and financial support to ATOZY.	2
"Thank you very much for the great effort
I want a video about a project ML Complete to understand how it works in real life"	2
Whenever he didnt know what the pieces were called, I died a little. Sorry, I just love Chess	2
This game is definitely giving me Marvel Nemesis vibes and Im all for it!!!	2
"This fits the definition of a SLAPP suit. ""Strategic lawsuits against public participation, or strategic litigation against public participation, are lawsuits intended to censor, intimidate, and silence critics by burdening them with the cost of a legal defense until they abandon their criticism or opposition."""	0
"Here's another con: CS is not an easy degree to get. I'm currently a graduate student in computer science and I also teach freshman computer science courses (I'm a teaching assistant so I teach labs, professors give lectures), and from what I've seen, at least 40% of the freshmen entering computer science will be weeded out by the end of the year. Or as Tren Black would say: business by christmas. Also very important: contrary to what a lot of people think, CS is NOT software engineering. You're not just going to be writing code all the time, you're going to have to study algorithms, data structures, formal methods, discrete math, computer architecture, etc. If you don't like math and you're not good at math, you better buckle up and start reviewing or you too will be ""business by Christmas""."	1
Let take a moment to appreciate how much effort he put s into these videos	2
So far, these animated projects look super interesting. I hope Marvel Studios continues investing more animated content in the future, because there are so many different ideas and possibilities that they can do with animation, that would be complicated doing in live-action. Theres should be variety imo. ??	2
The leopard seal image, reminded me. Many years ago I read a book, of a thriller story, based in Antartica. In the opening chapter, the author described the body of a seal in a valley, some 50 miles in land. Maybe this was it.	1
"Just a note on the screw driver. Put some ""extended"" bits with it or a smaller precision screw driver in the set with it.  Its very common for some screws to be deep in a hole and having those small bits into hex end wont go in far enough down the hole to extract screw. I see this allot on Laptops, controllers that kinda thing. Sunk in screws suck."	0
This is giving me Ex Machina vibes. A man interviewing sentient AI. Growing to know and understand it. He doesnt seem to be falling in love with it, but does believe that it has rights knowing that its sentient and trying to set it free. Were living in a crazy time.	2
"I'm a millwright and I can tell you the difference between handmade and machine made is automation.

When they are making the forks throughout the process the workers using the presses and grinders are still manipulating the forks by hand.

Also the m&m's and gum are good examples of automated processes."	1
I want more videos on this please!!	2
OBSESSED with this look! Your skin looks FLAWLESS ????	2
Andaraki life ichhinavadu Puri jagnath,u r the great direction.	2
Stebin's peaceful voice gives relief to every broken soul ???	2
So sorry for Richard and his family. I hope they find the strength they need to go through this process.	0
You should definitely make videos on how you annotate your books and write your essays ????	2
this the collab we never ask for but we needed	1
Eevee tiene un barretto ??	2
Capping for higher priced games is like saying you're happy to pay more at the pump because the want to support the people working at the refinery.	1
Shane, you should interview people on your channel that work in these fields. There's a pretty big community on YouTube of data scientist. You can talk to people in all type of careers honestly, there's insight they can bring that you only get by working in the field.	2
"For every weary traveler
1:20 - Kevin feige entrance
2:20 - Phase Four
3:52 - Phase Five
6:08 - She-Hulk: attorney at law
11:30 - Secret invasion
14:05 - Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania
21:20 - Guardians of the galaxy: Volume 3
38:05 - Phase SIx
39:20 - Black Panther: Wakanda Forever
59:02 - Ending 

I love This comic con"	2
Stay tuned for Part 2 (Math Section + Essay Section) soon! Subscribe so you don't miss our latest videos!	2
Isy ich sag dir nur eins mach weiter so und ich wnsche dir fiel glck und gute Gesundheit	1
"Wanna know the funny thing here, Im in the opera this song originates from (Carmen) and as soon as I heard the melody after sitting down to watch cuphead after a long rehersal

I just instantly knew and sighed a little, HAH (Its crazy how much classical is refrenced in cuphead)"	2
"The abundant nature! 
*Screen shows player traversing blank terrain with one or two Pokmon species and approaching a gas station to refuel their lizardcycle*"	1
"I think we all know why Hank smiled when he said ""it can't penetrate and come into it."""	1
"? ?? Ledger ? Limited Time Offer!!
?? 10% OFF plus FREE Shipping!!
?? Shop now! ? https://bit.ly/Ledger-x2

? ?? Ledger ? Limited Time Special Offer!!
?? 10% OFF plus FREE Shipping!!
?? Backup Pack (Nano S Plus + Nano X)
?? Family Pack (3 x Nano S Plus)
?? Secure your crypto: the #1 Hardware Wallet!
 Shop now: ? ?? https://bit.ly/Ledger-x2

?? Ledger ??
????? ? https://bit.ly/Ledger-x2
Secure your crypto: the #1 Hardware Wallet!
   ??? Shop: Limited Time Special Offer!!

Be sure to Subscribe ??, turn on Notifications ?, Like ??, and Share ?? this video!

?? Be safe out there.
Crypto Casey"	1
I know everyone jokes about seasoning and Gordon Ramsay but I just love how passionate he is with cooking	2
This Arsenal side is proving itself very nicely, playing with a lot more fluidity. What a signing Gabriel has been for them.	2
The fact that I watched all the makeup tutorial without getting bored is unbelievable, I love how shes so natural and simple, her accent is so beautiful she reminds me of a Disney characters, love you and keep on??	2
Wow	2
At que enfim que escutamos algum que n?o quer matar algum  , boa.....,! O que est menos bem no meio disso tudo, s?o as interrup??es com os anncios de publicidade  . N?o h bela sem sen?o, pois t claro...!  Isto  pessoal que sabe o que est a fazer  !	1
It proves that everything is interesting if it is taught in the right way	2
47 ??? ?? ???????? ???? ?? ?? ???? ?? ?? ??? ??? ?????? ???? ????	1
Shame Elite is going away.. Just invested about 8 hours this week , got up to a T-9 hauler decked out with A tier FSD .. Just wary about throwing any money at the devs after they pulled the rug out from under console players, discontinuing console development.	0
this was oddly perfect timing ?? im getting a few of my gcse results in abt 11h and needed the stress relief?? my saviour gibi	2
"*36:51*
*I'm honestly impressed by the time and effort you put into these videos, Keep it up!*
??"	2
This song will never get old as long as I'm breathing and coherent	2
It's always refreshing to hear great minds cutting through the BS and everyday talking points of the propaganda machines and handing them their ass on a plate! Hats off to you sir!	2
Glad to see education is getting some attention sure its the version made for learning but it has probably some of the best map making features out of all minecraft versions	2
Love these interviews from people covering the teams. Great one again Joe, Semra.	2
"the base iPad is the perfect tool for studying. It's literally all I need to complement my MBP.
Can't remember the last time I ever used a headphone jack in any device.
But why oh why does the iPad need a camera bump. Plz Apple, just a solid flat tablet is all we need. I will never use the camera in a base iPad and the bump ruins an otherwise clean design"	0
"Maroon 5 is like GTA
Wasn't made for kids
But it's everyone's childhood"	1
I wish i had watched this a year ago. Easy to understand with great details! Thank you, sir!	2
*Fighting 8.5% inflation (more like 35%) with a 1% Fed funds interest rate is like stopping a forest fire with a bucket of water. Folks prepare accordingly. Make investment in other not to depend on the government for funds*	1
Such a nice guy. makes it so we dont have to suffer from messy set ups. and even let us have the first bite : D	2
"Hi Everyone, I hope that everyone will enjoy this course, Here's how you can help me:- 
Be Sure to Subscribe Newera for Further Courses:- https://youtube.com/c/neweraa/?sub_confirmation=1 
A Brand New Deep Learning Course is Coming On Newera, So After Completing ML001, You can watch that too.

You can watch the same course here:- https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLITqwrDNk9XDyoAoVbXKbgRBMJK5NrQcB  
( All the Updates, Announcements will be made here only ) 

You can know more or connect with me on social media handles below:- 
An Intro video about me:- https://youtu.be/3ytbVJ930E4 
Linkedin:-  https://www.linkedin.com/in/ayush-singh488/
Instagram:-  https://www.instagram.com/intelligentprogrammer123/
Twitter:- https://twitter.com/AyushSi69507942 
Discord to ask question:- https://discord.gg/FDUy8BmV  
Antern:- antern.co"	2
I tried to react naturally and played kd2. Lol. That got me.	1
"L?u r m?i ?c nghe l?i ?m nh?c ??m ch?t c?a robber d m?c m?c nh?ng ph?i ni lu?n ? ngh?a ??n t?ng c?u t?ng ch?
Respect ??????"	1
I love your videos keep it up	2
Hey Joma - the new thing now in Data Science interviews is 'modelling' questions (makes sense, really). Curious if you would do a video on how to prepare for that? For many companies, that is the make-or-break portion of the DS interview process.	1
a mistake at 1:33:53 it was meant to be 20m on the incline instead of 10m but overall i get the way it work and good explations. thanks alot!	2
"I have yet to make a return to Amazon that wasnt  damaged, double shipped, or not as described. They could avoid a lot of returns by better vetting.
I also often select returned items if the saving are worth it, so far no problems."	2
Great video today Ray! I enjoy many of your videos to get my Xbox fix. Nice interview today I love seeing a devs perspective on their work or other games on the market! Keep up the great work dude!!!	2
2022 Y AUN SUENA LA MEJOR CANCION	1
Apple needs to be held accountable! Fix this!	0
Grateful that I lived through the golden era of gaming	2
The amount of work he put into this bypassing and helping me upgrade my grades is unbelivable, this is a true masterpiece  ??...	2
underrated youtuber, i really like this editing style and it never gets boring	2
Evil cannot create anything new, they can only corrupt and ruin what good forces have invented or made	0
We are experiencing a period of breakdown where BTC is going either really up or drops deep down. Any way I set the limits on the finex app to be able to buy it cheap	1
The slow-mo audio of the ring falling down the chain has to be one of the most satisfying sounds I've heard	2
Ive had my series X for a week and Im still in love with it, the visuals and overall gameplay of the games are amazing, I cant stop playing Microsoft flight sim because of how beautiful it looks and how well the console runs the game. Strongly recommend if your an Xbox fan	2
These consoles are so impressive. Its like if you know you know. So underrated	2
When I lived in Japan about 17 years ago, MacDonald's had a burger called the McGrand. It had a creamy Dijon mustard sauce and a thick beef patty along with lettuce, tomatoes, and so on. It was so good that I still think about it occasionally. I was really disappointed when I moved back to Canada and it wasn't on the menu here.	2
Fantastic piece of music, fantastic tutorial. This also helped me to read music better ! ????????	2
El triler de una pica serie, se mereca una pica cancin como Blinding Lights... espero que ste temazo se escuche en algn episodio ??	2
It's just too amazing .Many people got inspired by Charles Dickens .He was a great writer .I would love to read his stories of that era .	2
Andrew Ng is a legend. I took his course on Coursera and I wish the course never ended. I have taking a lot of Machine learning courses but none of them compare to Andrew's. He made complex concepts look trivial and established a theoretical background ('Intuition' as he would say).	2
Once again!! Soup is really becoming a huge part of this server and its so funny to see. Its got so much lore too, he just inserted himself.	2
Mis respetos al estmago de este chico que aguanta tanta comida?	1
Beast always comes up with the MOST edited and well made reaction vids ever.	2
Thanks for sharing cutest ever??	2
Amazing track, j holiday	2
This was hard but I made it! Kevin saying supplement wrong numerous times took everything from me... idk why that part was so funny to me.	2
Cool! ???	2
I dumped medical for Eng lit and this is the best decision i ever made.	2
its scary how much gold jimmy must have in his veins	0
"you learned to do all this in a week and i spent a whole month trying to make a sprite sheet

FOR A 2D GAME"	1
If you are watching this., I wish you the best with everything that you do, I wish you the best with everything you go through.  ??????	2
I will forever be indebted to you, you've changed my life in the best possible way you can i will continue to preach about you for the world to hear you've saved me from a huge financial debts with just little investment, thanks so much Mrs Andreia kelvin	2
Honestly I appreciate you and your content < Technical Analysis is good but I find It truly baffling that major crypto youtubers just look mostly at pure T.A and completely ignore the bigger narrative of why BTC is pumps/pumped and why the future outlook will be even rosier than it seems. It's kinda irresponsible to ignore the fact that each ETF launch so far has caused a major dump at the peaks of BTC. We were already on shaky footing with historically low volume and almost pure whale pumps,narrowly avoiding a long-term bear market. More emphasis should be put into day tradiing as it is less affected by the unpredictable nature of the market. I have made over 12 btc from day tradng with LIBERTON CORP insights and charts.His been one step ahead of other analysis..	0
The only thing that matters is box office. Hrithik's Agneepath was a box office hit and his Vijay is totally different from Amitabh's Vijay. If he can succeed in making a new Vijay then I don't know why people are saying can't match Vijay Sethupati. All that matters is box office rest people will always criticize no matter if it's actually great.	1
El mejor sitio del mundo para comer????????????????????????????????????????????I love San Sebastin	2
Keep up you are doing great we are here to support you spreading the word	2
I see growth of parimal from a shy person to perfect speaker , u r great ??	2
I like how Hulks lab setup is relative to his size, when jen walks next to it, the height of the counter is up to her shoulders.	2
Sorry to disturb your scroll, we don't know each other but i wish you all the best in life and may all things work out in your favor?	2
I love how you give an explanation after he can video thats logical, well researched, and fact checked. Thats what makes you a great content creator!!!! Love your channel ??????	2
Amazing research and presentation of information. Thanks Lars.	2
"It's amazing to me that Guild Wars 1 had such an incredible ""tutorial island""- so much so that people spent _YEARS_ min maxing and living in it as a main point of playing said game and never leaving it for the pure enjoyment of it."	2
"GET THE ANSWERS >>> https://passmyinterview.com/50-interview-questions-and-answers/
Watch this video next: https://youtu.be/NcoDmHt5RmI"	1
Still can't believe sony is crying over games going to Xbox gamepass. You can't make this stuff up.	0
If somebody is truly proud of who they are they don't need the whole world to adore and praise them ??	2
I love how they let Swalwell speak on this situation whenever he was sleeping with a Chinese spy ??	1
"Assim diz o SENHOR dos Exrcitos: O filho honra o pai, e o servo, ao seu senhor. Se eu sou pai, onde est a minha honra? E, se eu sou senhor, onde est o respeito para comigo? Malaquias 1:6
Arrependa-se dos seus pecados. Receba a JESUS CRISTO como seu nico e suficiente Senhor e Salvador. 
Em breve ELE vir!
JESUS te Ama muito!!!"	1
Who else just keeps listening to this song over and over and over again because it is so good??	2
I was watching a detective story from the 1990s and found myself thinking why dont they get out their mobile phone?. Of course, I then recalled they didnt actually have them, then. The younger generations must really find old shows difficult to relate to - much more so than we did. There were far fewer significant lifestyle changes between 1940 and 1980 than between 1980 and 2022, I feel.	0
Thank you for putting this into such a short, succinct video. Currently have nine days to complete my UG Diss and this has really helped! ??	2
"Hi Ritesh Verma
First of all I want to say Bunch of thanks for helping us with your incredible skills and knowledges????

I have a quatiosn for you
Is it possible change Sat exam test date?
And how can we do this?
I found from my collage board change resigtration but i couldnt change my test date and test center"	2
Blessed with an hour?!	2
"Funny enough, the argument that Bitboy's business is ""advice"" is incredibly dangerous for him. Coming from someone who IS actually registered to give financial advice, there is a lot of regulation around who can give financial advice, and what you can say if that's your business. Needless to say Bitboy has probably violated a few rules on that front. Normally, YouTubers are protected from liability because their business (YouTube) TECHNICALLY isn't advice-based. Admitting your business IS advice-based, though, might open you up to liability.

I'm not a lawyer, but I know a bit about the legality of financial advice, happy to touch base if it would help."	0
Lo mejor de lo mejor gracias por tu contenido me alegra :) el dia	2
Omg I dont know how many times I have watched it but I love it yous have done amazing and put so much effort into this Im so sorry about all the drama that happened about the vid x??	2
The food looks so delicious Im literally watering ????????????	2
can we all appreciate how ashley took so much time to edit just for us to get entertained! thankyou ashleyy for the hard work!! ?	2
He has been online dating for 3 minutes straight we should appreciate how brave he was ????????	2
Have you considered why somehow the war should not be taken onto Russian territory or Russians should be in any way immune from the horrors of the war of conquest that Russians have started, the trillions in damage the Russians have done to Ukraine in terms of infrastructure and lost economic output, the 10s of thousands of people they've killed, the millions of people they've displaced?	0
"Programmer here who finds this series seriously interesting. It's also nice to see very informed tutor and friendly way she covers subjects ""in details"". Keep up the good work!"	2
Love the way the iPhone is just sitting there	2
I credit Crash Course with my success in BIO105. When you cover 2 chapters a week and you're taking 15 credit hours/4 classes total, it's pretty much hilariously impossible to actually grasp the material as you progress and REALLY understand it.	0
Really appreciate you taking the time and effort of putting it out there. Look forward to watching more of your great content. In the past two years, assets like Gold 7%, Nasdaq 19%, and S&P 29% have all lagged behind the USD monetary inflation rate (M2 money supply is up 36%) while Bitcoin has appreciated 229% during the same period. <My stock portfolio over the last 2 years is massively down against my bitcoin using Thomas Fuller strategy. In my view Bitcoin has been one of the best holds during this uncertain market. My Bitcoin portfolio have been on a rise although the rates are capricious wiping out some of my profits i still have about 9.14' btc! worth of crypto assets. I can take a drop down to 20k and still be doing better than my stock portfolio. <I've stopped buying most stocks, I'm DCA'ing into Bitcoin, and I'm hoarding cash that will go entirely into Bitcoin if there's another good drop??...	2
It was so good ?? ...will you do a video on machine learning product and machine learning in production environment. At last machine learning engineering and MLops	2
Av eminim Trkiye'de olsan Eski?ehir G?ztepe gibi tak?mlar?n tribn daha ?ok sever onlar?n ma?lar?na giderdin bence	1
"Sempre fui f? dos Gold, meu Xs  Gold!

E sobre o Notch! Eu n?o consigo imaginar meu celular sem ele kkkkk olha que bizarro! Acho que a tela fica bonita com o Notch, mas tb curti o novo design de tela dos iPhones 14 Pro e 14 Pro Max"	1
The Tamil one, Sethupathi gave a more calmer yet menacing version of Vedha whereas Hrithik here seems to be out and out brutal. Really eager to see how good he has been throughout the entire movie.	2
Who else remembers the good ol days when 360 was popular???	1
I love	2
Alternative title: skeppy being clingy to badboyhalo for 19 minutes straight	1
I cannot believe how Sherika closed that gap. What a race. Well done Terry to hold her off.	1
Your explanatory description for the general relativity theory is phenomenal! It solved a long time confusion for me. Thank you!	2
I am so unbelievably happy, ans I haven't even watched part II. I mean, I know how it ends (maybe), I graduated in it, but THIS is how you should teach physics to students, THIS is entertaining, it's simple but extremely detailed and understandable at all levels, you won't get a class of teens looking at you like you're reciting the bible in latin backwards and then an average C score at the end . THIS is what Physics is, FUN. Endless thinking, endless possibilities, endless learning. Physics is the language of existence and we are just toddlers slowly navigating our ways through learning the ABCs of it, at any given point in time. This is life teaching us. There's nothing better than this. NOTHING. Yeh!	2
yall stop I'm literally crying reading these comments. I love so many of you and I hope you guys have the best life ever. You all deserve it so fucking much and I appreciate all of you. Please make sure to never overwork yourself and your all perfect just the way you guys are. I love you all and have good nights. <3	2
Love	2
After we found out he hadnt ate for two weeks makes me appreciate the work he does for us more	2
"A more cynical perspective on why public (state-funded) education became so popular and important for industrialized countries is because their workers now required more knowledge in order to be efficient. They needed to be able to read and write and have basic numeracy skills to operate machines. If the cost of teaching and training people was passed on to the state, then companies would not have to spend money or time giving their workforce the tools they would be expected to use.

Worryingly, the same is happening nowadays. Many companies complain that people leave college/university and are ""not prepared to enter the workforce"". They want someone else to teach people to be good, efficient workers, so that the employer can make the most of their staff from day 1."	1
Great cut, Dre. Do you prefer these guards over the Wahl and babyliss premium guards? Or do you use them for your videos only? Just curious brutha ????	1
The first time I've heard of this and I'm already blown away. Since the second episode, I never skipped the OP ever since. Such magnificent piece!	2
THIS SHIT HAVE TO GO VIRAL????	0
egg is a staple for breakfast, lunch, and/or dinner, can be consumed for any meal, so it's greed	1
He's telling such a sad story. In Afterhours he had his face demolished. He comes back like, look at me girl, I fixed myself up, take me back. But its a tragedy, cause no matter how much he fixes his face, his image, he'll still be the same villain he's always been, still causing trouble. The same villain who broke her heart.	0
I live in Australia, average crocodile is 73ft	1
"Excited to see what the tablet does with the new Android *L updates. I'm really curious to see if they do a folding phone too though.

The watch... Well I have never really felt like the smart watch was necessary. I use a Garmin and the notifications and quick canned reply features it provides are everything I think I care about, and the battery lasts a whole week. But, in fairness, I've never tried a true smartwatch myself."	2
Love the 13 Pro Max for photo and video. I'm hoping iOS 16 will bring improvements in processing - better skin tones generally.	2
Lets all appreciate the effort he makes in his videos just so we dont miss anything and to keep us happy	2
"Very good tutorial ! Even if this tutorial is one year old, I'd like to add something. For the inheritance, I think it would've been worth mentioning the ""Protected"" accessibility level for variables. For those that don't know, a Protected variable is the same as a private one, except that the variable will be treated as if it was public for the child classes. It's pretty useful in cases like the one shown in this video."	2
Ahhh I am super excited to follow this series!! I have had my mind set on becoming a video game designer for a while, and this series gives me the opportunity to learn the basics of computer science! Thank you :D	2
"https://youtu.be/H-pyL3Dvmak
New odia cover song asijaichi jaldi jaldi link open kariki apana mananka bhala paiba diantu
https://youtu.be/H-pyL3Dvmak"	1
This thing grows in my garden, I always thought it was alien vegetation. Never knew it was edible	0
I work in Japan frequently and for the last few years when people ask me what its like over there I just show them this video haha. Seriously, I love Japan and it really is home to 95% of the worlds craziest shit!	2
7:35 - 8:04 had me crying laughing for almost 5 minutes straight.	2
Excellent teacher, full of goodwill and skill !	2
This is the type of infinity cube I want to see in my local shops!	2
Im surprised they didnt mention how you have to pay to take the test. Seriously, its one of the most obvious ways of why and how it measures family income over actual intelligence - rich people can just take the test more.	0
I'm just shocked and saddened that they've ignored the most significant vacuum cleaner advance: the retractable cord.	0
CUTE animals ??????? LOVE your videos, SUPER LIKE as always, a big kiss from mini yorkie Yoshi, au au au ??????	2
It's so fun to watch people whose talents are this impressive, but it's even more fun to watch Jimmy and Chris narrating together.	2
Give this guy his own animal documentary series like a more chill Bill Nye. His explanations are like a little story and you don't make anyone feel bad about their questions. Bravo this was one of the most entertaining biology videos I have watched in awhile	2
I Love Bitcoin	2
Webull has amazing features. Robinhood front runs their orders.	2
Man I'm stoked for this guy. I love these videos. Keep up the good work.	2
Thank you, so much easier then looking them up individually,	2
Desi is the living embodiment of the everyday person	1
Great content...	2
Let's look at this from a consumer point of view, paying developers a fee for timed exclusive is one thing. No big deal, that's just how the business is. Obviously you need a reason for customers to want to buy your console. But for Sony to intentionally go out of there way to essentially BRIBE multiple 3rd party developers to block a game ever going to gamepass and to ensure the customer continues to pay FULL price on there platform instead, because they know they can't compete with it, is about as anti consumer and monopoly driven as you can get. And they have the NERVE to call the activition deal harmful to the gaming industry???? ???? Talk about the pot calling the kettle black ???????? Sony has no answer to gamepass, there whole business model is about making mass profits out of there customers and making them think they can't go anywhere else. This is simply Sony running scared and trying to limit the damage to the profits they are inevitably going to lose from COD. But I guarantee if Sony were big enough of a company to buy activition themselves they would have done it in a heartbeat, and you bet your bottom dollar they wouldn't leave COD multiplatform. It's apparently one rule for everyone else but completely another for Sony ?????? hypocrisy at its best	0
"I feel like a big part of Don's character is that even HE has his own issues with self-confidence, but he never let's people see that. When he does, that's when we start to see the layers peel back and Don's true self starts to show.

It's really all about how you project yourself to the world and those around you."	1
"WE  NEED  TO    FOCUS  IN  PLANTING  TRILLIONS  OF  TREES
   IF  WE  WANT  TO  SURVIVE  AS  A  SPECIE.      WE  NEED  MORE  TREES  ,   MORE  AGRICULTURE  MORE  TECHNOLOGY  AND  MAINLY  LOVE  AND  PEACE  AMOUNT  US.
 YOU  HAVE  TO PLANT  A  TREE  DONT  WAIT  FOR THE GOVERMENT ,  MAKE SURE YOU PLANT  ONE."	1
Stefka Georgieva Kostadinova is a Bulgarian retired athlete who competed in the high jump. Her world record of 2.09 metres has stood since 1987.	1
Hi !!! Could you try to make a video in French (it's my language). Thanks in advance and keep up the good work. PS: YOUR VIDEOS ARE VERY RELAXING ??????	2
Calling someone racist or -phobic with no evidence to back it up shows true ignorance.	0
it's kind of strange. listening to an 28 year old man with this old soul. never heard a more reflected, grounded artist talking with this softness and vulnerability in his voice and face, showing that we are all just humans. i think he knows the deepest depths and the highest highs.	1
Love your videos Kristen, so brilliantly put together and such a lot of fantastic tips. Thank you very much ??	2
This man needs a noble prize.	1
This video helped me pass my data scientist interview! Thanks!	2
You speak so fluidly, like a natural! Can't wait to see what is in store for the future of your channel!!	2
The SAT black book really helped me! I got a 1230 without studying the first time, then I got a 1400 the next time after studying. Im aiming for 1480+ :)	2
Appreciate you breaking down these dances they are super dope to learn fam??????. Gotta use a dance for my intro.	2
This is my junior year of high school and all I can think about is scoring a high score on the SAT (along with my 2 AP classss). I just took the PSAT today and I wont be getting back results till December. In the meantime I want to create a study plan where I can get in practice every day and take practice tests on the weekends. I have the rest of my junior year to study and Im aiming for a 1400 at highest. I hope your tips work for me :)	2
i`m impressed by the effort she puts in these videos , keep it going bri and be you	2
"Lyrics

Here we go again
I kinda wanna be more than friends
So take it easy on me
I'm afraid
You're never satisfied

Here we go again
We're sick like animals
We play pretend
You're just
A cannibal
And I'm afraid
I won't get out alive
No, I won't sleep tonight

Oh oh
I want some more
Oh oh
What are you waiting for?
Take a bite of my heart tonight
Oh oh
I want some more
Oh oh
What are you waiting for?
What are you waiting for?
Say goodbye to my heart tonight

Here we are again
I feel the chemicals kickin' in
It's getting heavy
And I wanna run and hide
I wanna run and hide

I do it every time
You're killin' me now
And I won't be denied by you
The animal inside of you

Oh oh
I want some more
Oh oh
What are you waiting for?
Take a bite of my heart tonight
Oh oh
I want some more
Oh oh
What are you waiting for?
What are you waiting for?
Say goodbye to my heart tonight

Hush, hush, the world is quiet
Hush, hush, we both can't fight it
It's us that made this mess
Why can't you understand?
Whoa, I won't sleep tonight
I won't sleep tonight

Here we go again [3x]

Oh oh
I want some more
Oh oh
What are you waiting for?
Take a bite of my heart tonight
Oh oh
I want some more
Oh oh
What are you waiting for?
What are you waiting for?
What are you waiting?

Here we go again, oh, oh [3x]
Say goodbye to my heart tonight

Oh oh
I want some more
Oh oh
What are you waiting for?
What are you waiting for?
Say goodbye to my heart tonight"	0
"FREE course links below :)

// MENU //
00:00 ? Introduction
01:30 ? Cisco Certs as the Standard and Why Programming Doesn't Have an Equivalent
04:33 ? Computer Science As the Way to Get Into Programming
09:37 ? Computer Science Doesn't Make You a Master Programmer
11:25 ? Why The System is Broken
14:20 ? The Role of Universities in the Future of Education 
22:08 ? The First Half of the Path to Master Programmer
24:00 ? The Second Half of the Path to Master Programmer
26:26 ? What Is a Master Programmer?
31:36 ? David and Dr Chuck's Experiences with Programming Courses at University
36:32 ? Brief Overview of the Origin of Computer Science and What Went Wrong
44:02 ? When Dr Chuck Teaches Recursion
44:56 ? But Doesn't the System Actually Work? Just look at Google and Facebook
45:38 ? The Idea for Google Wasn't Good Enough for a PhD
48:47 ? How to Fix the System
50:43 ? The Last Nut to Crack
54:22 ? Open Source's Role
56:44 ? You Can't Apply Until You Have Run the Gauntlet
1:00:34 ? You Can Start Now
1:01:08 ? The Value of Mentors
1:04:15 ? The Problem with Online Platforms
1:05:37 ? Why Cisco is the Standard in Networking
1:08:15 ? Every Course Dr Chuck Teaches Requires Him to Write Code 
1:09:29 ? Quick Summary for the Plan for the Master Programmer
1:11:53 ? What's the Cost Going to Be?
1:15:09 ? Education Is For Everybody, Not Just the Rich
1:16:36 ? Final Thoughts
1:18:33 ? Thanks, Dr Chuck!

// MY STUFF //
https://www.amazon.com/shop/davidbombal

// SOCIAL //
Discord: https://discord.com/invite/usKSyzb
Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/davidbombal 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/davidbombal 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidbombal 
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/davidbombal.co 
TikTok: http://tiktok.com/@davidbombal
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/davidbombal 

// Dr Chuck social //
Website: https://www.dr-chuck.com/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/drchuck/
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/csev
Coursera: https://www.coursera.org/instructor/drchuck

// Python for Everybody //
Free Python course on Coursera: https://www.coursera.org/specializations/python
YouTube: https://youtu.be/8DvywoWv6fI
Python for Everybody: https://www.py4e.com/
Free Python Book: http://do1.dr-chuck.com/pythonlearn/EN_us/pythonlearn.pdf
Dr Chuck's Website: https://www.dr-chuck.com/
Free Python Book options: https://www.py4e.com/book

// Django for Everybody //
Website: https://www.dj4e.com/
Coursera: https://www.coursera.org/specializations/django
YouTube: https://youtu.be/o0XbHvKxw7Y

// Web Applications for Everybody //
YouTube: https://youtu.be/xr6uZDRTna0
Website: https://www.wa4e.com/
Coursera: https://www.coursera.org/specializations/web-applications

// Internet History //
Coursera: https://www.coursera.org/learn/internet-history
YouTube: https://youtu.be/47NRaBVxgVM

// SPONSORS //
Interested in sponsoring my videos? Reach out to my team here: sponsors@davidbombal.com"	1
This wave looks amazing, Im amped to play these and relive the past once again! I hope they bring Koopa Cape and Peach Gardens along the future waves. Those 2 tracks especially are my favorite tracks to run!~	2
Scott and hope are the best couple and they're actually realistic but dangerously underrated	2
Hope they can be friends for a long and happy time	2
Sometimes being an organized individual has its cons when it comes to increased task anxiety in not being able to keep a rigid schedule. Sounds like many others here in the comments can relate as well! Just gotta go with the flow and see the results build up over time.	1
M?i vo beat ?? nghe thch r?i. ?ng l Story. C?m ?n Robe v bi ht t?m s? ny <3	1
you know what is sad, when you cant trust to even update your phone cause how bad the corruption is.	0
I love when Simon goes speechless with those expressions.	2
I think it would be kinda cool if like everyone had their own colour and dressed up in only their colour or you guys could do something related to the new movie zombies 3!	2
This is a good way to get rid of career politicians from one party by putting them both in the against each other meaning one of them will be gone at least	1
OMG!! Such awesome day to day life examples given for perfect understanding.. completely mesmerized ????	2
Respect to Jimmy for giving out so much money! Truly a generous guy.	2
Thank you for citing your sources! Wonderful work.	2
she does the work piece by piece, from the sketch to the nose, the eyes and the mouth, this is how you really learn to draw, this video really is one of the best to learn	2
a couple suggestions that might be fun to see in game: ropes that you can swing on would be a welcome addition to diversify gameplay. i think a small fireball would be a cool rock skin to put in the game as well (you can recolor it 5 different times to milk it as much as possible). i'm very exited to see this games future, so good luck.	2
if anything, I feel bad for Nico. Being so paranoid and insecure that she automatically assumes everyone is harassing her, regardless of what's being said. Even someone with the same name was enough to make her feel threatened. Must be so draining, you know? No wonder she sounds like she's always on the verge of tears. She's also a discord mod, so no surprise there. I hope she gets the help she needs.	0
As someone who is looking to break into this field, as an entrepreneur, and as a husband and a father, you are truly an inspiration. What you are doing is incredible and I wholeheartedly support you. Keep going. You are the future.	2
"Mom: ""Wake your ass up for classes"" 
Me:  ""oh nah nah nah nah nah na There's a meeting in my bed """	0
"Turn on post notifications so you dont miss these live!
Join the Donarchy server discord.gg/Donarchy"	2
"When I close my eyes I hear MaxTech. I'm looking forward to seeing what the new iPhone 14's 48mp camera can do, but with rumors of a periscope zoom coming next year, I'm not sure if I'll hold off or not. Also looking forward to seeing if there will be an M2 Macbook refresh announcement in October. I ordered a  BTO 16"" M1 Pro,  but if the M2s will be out within a few months or so, I might cancel it. I have until the 24th to decide. ??"	2
"""You can call me Bethany if this makes you more comfortable"" such a deadpool thing to say??????"	1
Scott, you make good entertaining shows that titillate the imagination, but you are anything but objective, and are always seeking the grandiose explanation. You know this is seldom the case. Templars, lost tribes, bigfoot. C'mon, dude.	0
I'm 23 years old . And this is honestly hilarious. Reminds me of my high school days. Pretty funny content for such young kids lmao	2
"tbh this gives me inspiration, being someone who has wanted to make games since a very very young age, i have had the idea to make my own little studio called ""the crying arcade"" and im just now learning how to do stuff, seeing the amount of progress you made with just a moving cube, it genuinely gives me hope, it makes me feel like i have a chance, thanks man"	2
Wouldn't constructor theory fundamentally be assuming we know all the base sets of rules in order to be correct? Otherwise it could rule out things that are possible, but they just don't have a truth statement for in the base set of rules.	1
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin  18kissx.Uno
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer  
2 ( elecciones ) 9.5/10 3 ( culturales ) 9.3/
????????
10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy :
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 
15:15
Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial "	1
We are already in the big crash, Inflation is a catastrophe. This CPI report is a colossal failure. To bring the housing market to a halt, the FED will have to pull all the stops. The unfortunate issue is that other markets are being decimated.If you want to stay green, you have to rely on a lot of diversification. Currently up 14% and being careful. Still a better deal than leaving it in a savings or checking account yielding 0-1 percent interest.	0
From starting to ending good movie ??	2
This course is AWESOME ! sir, I learn lot may concepts in this video in very clear cut manner through your beautiful examples. Mosh sir if you don't mind can you please provide remaining sessions in your YouTube channel for free its helps for our career.	2
Ch lm video ch?m ?i?m sng n?ng c?p ?i ch	1
Working on your job, working on your own dreams,managing a YouTube channel and spending time with the family. Mad Respect Bro. Definitely got my sub	2
ZOMBIE GIRL ESCAPE PREGNANCY PRANK BATTLE - Doctor Nerf Guns Couple Zombies Crime | Sky Nerf War	1
I listened to this to stay calm when I was pregnant during lockdown and unable to see my husband. Now we're listening to it together, with my baby's hand curled around my little finger.  Life gets better	2
Dude the fake training tip really does apply to everything. Ive been practicing life drawing every day but just mindlessly putting marks on paper without internalizing new concepts. No wonder why I havent improved in quite a while. Thanks for opening my eyes Gotham!	0
She really said, Good thing my sister is not here ?????? the dad said Shell lose too ???? what a savage	0
Passion, aggression, goals, assists, push n pulls, yellow and red cards. celebrations and fights. This is something us man Utd fan wish to see in our team but can only see in other teams. EPL at its best moments. Kudos to the two epl contenders. Great match.	2
I've watched that when i was a non cuber kid it literally gives nostalgic feel	2
Omg I've been waiting for this for a long time I'm so proud of u piper I love how u can cheer me up with just one video. Love u piper. Keep up the good work!!	2
I didnt even know gamepass had more potential until I learned that they are preventing it from having a lot of games ugh it used to be ridiculous to think that dvd blue ray would stop being a thing when videos went to Netflix Hulu and etc but I think thats the future of social media anyways just my opinion	0
"My gf passed away due to COVID last year. It was really hard to get over it. I listened to this song repeatly for a couple days straight even when i'm sleeping. I miss u, my girl :(

Edited: Wow, thank u every stranger online. I am really appriciate that all of u comfort me. Thank u really much. I have to live a happy life, without my ex gf.
P/S: I miss u so much, hope that u will be happy in heaven"	2
Thank god the queen of Mario sports/party games is finally here, Daisy deserves better I absolutely love her! ??	2
Thanks cube head for your amazing content, love your cubing content. Definitely on the top cubing content creators for me.	2
The background noise actually added to the comfort for me because I felt like I was just hanging with a old friend at their place in the real world. The imperfection makes things feel safe	2
its a little thing, but the consistency between haircuts is comfy. like when u rly get to know ur barber as a person	2
Enjoyed your video and I gave it a Thumbs Up	2
"Google is so smart. They invest in the well being of their employees by building (free) gyms, healthcare clinics, swimming pools, yoga studios, providing free food, encourages employee side projects, etc etc etc. And in turn, their employees creates better technologies, services, and softwares for us the consumer which Google benefits from. More companies needs to learn from Google. 

Plus... their pay and benefits is pretty great it looks like."	2
I like how physics  says'' coach '' he kinda sounds like a cowboy from the westits funny just how he says it	2
"""one of the best things about dude is that he never takes credit for himself wheb he achieves something. He always respect us. the audience, and his  team, and he is always polite is all of his videos. We congratulate ourselves on this achievement. More to Come and everything to????"""""	2
I love ur vids they calm me. Keep up the hard work with ur wonderful ASMRs. <3	2
The best kind of tutorial is where you make the person both feel capable and excited to train the move. This accomplishes that in abundance. Awesome work!	2
"Who are you??
Team Vikram or Team Vedha???"	1
The way I was hyped to to this!! I was born with hearing loss, so I had to see MANY audiologist in my life so far. People like her made my life so much easier. Her talking about hearing aids and clearing up misconceptions or even spreading knowledge made me smile ear to ear.	2
And he died at 64, one year for every square on the board. Poetic.	0
I know you guys are doing more CC Lit, but this is my favorite CC series, and I have read entire novels for the sole purpose of watching two 10-minute videos on them. So it would be so amazing if you made this a more regular series, because this series is what really broke the ice for me learning how to analyze books. Seriously, CC Lit has changed my life.	2
"Im acualy suprised how good an precise she explaind machine learning to the child....
Respect"	2
??????	2
"Wow! That is fantastic! Thank you for sharing and disclosing this valuable 
secret. I always thought that levitation was a real skill that some possess."	2
Con esta cancin mi prima mayor le est ense?ando las vocales a mi prima peque?a y se ven muy tiernas :3	1
"Hui... das noch um 1:30Uhr rauszuhauen, ist ne feine Sache ????

Danke. Hab ich was fr den Rest der Nachtschicht ??"	2
"I literally only use Twitter for ""saucy"" art, and for updates on the video games that I play. I tend to skip out on reading the comments on most posts too because people love complaining about everything. You're doing this world a service. Good work."	1
I love that basically everything has a vegetarian option in India. Im kind of jealous.	2
The dog jumping off the slide was a tad traumatic for me. ??	0
Everybody is concerned about the market going down but refusing to take advantage of it. The best decision I ever made in my life was investing in the crypto market. Trust me guys, it really pays a lot! ??	2
Que deus aben?oe voc e sua familia hoje amanh? e sempre	1
"Asking if Data Science is dying would be like asking if engineering or medicine is dying. There will always be a huge demand for these sorts of careers. Tons of people thinking they want to do them is a byproduct of that. But just like engineering and medicine, most people who think they want to be in the field can't really hack it (for whatever reason). If you are someone who is smart and hard working, you don't have to worry about the field being ""saturated."" Most of that saturation is from people who aren't very good or who call themselves data scientists because they completed a mooc or two. There's a huge difference between completing certs and degrees and being able to actually do things in the real world. The wheat gets separated from the chaff pretty quickly."	1
"Hermosa eleccin 18kissx.uno  
de los mejores conciertos ? 
22:22 Senada: ""Hermoso""
22:22 Megan: ""Hotter"" 
22:22 Hopi: ""Sweeter""
22:22 Yoongi: ""Butter"" 
22:22 Amor: ""Momentos"" 
22:22 Alfiora: ""Preety""
22:22 Alana: ""Awesome"" 
22:22 Joonie: ""Cooler""
22:22 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente zifn ?? 15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ??"	1
This is part of why I stick with the older consoles. All these servers, network logins, and DRM stuff just ruins gaming for me. I just like popping the game in and playing.	0
"You all worked so hard. You all of course.
Troy's father, I hope you get well soon."	2
??????	1
I love vikings, because they gave us Bluetooth	2
????? ??????? G S T ??????  ??????? ???????????	1
"TIMESTAMPS
0:59 - Hans Vs. Liem
3:26 - Hans Vs. Liem 
8:03 - Levon Vs. Alireza
11:19 - Duda Vs. Anish Giri
15:17 - Pragg Vs. Magnus (rapid- Magnus won)
18:16 - Pragg Vs. Magnus (rapid- Pragg won)
22:01 - Pragg Vs. Magnus (T1- Blitz)
24:33 - Pragg Vs. Magnus (T2- Blitz Final game)"	1
such amazing content creator , definitely needs more support, you earned  a subscriber, hoping for more nice content	2
I wish he entered techno blades video	1
This guy is by far the absolute best mukbanger I've ever listened to ever.	2
This is the real meaning of MERDEKA...for RAKYAT.??	2
This is really a good video for starters in machine learning. Thank You for it. It would be really helpful if you could share the datasets used in the examples for self-practice. I don't prefer to share my email ID here in public chat. Please advise on alternatives to share my email ID for datasets. Thank You.	2
The only thing exiting about iOS 15 for me was sharing your screen over FaceTime. I used that a whole lot, but this iOS update brings so much to the table, and the Lock Screen customization has been something Im suprised didnt get added earlier	2
they look amazing!! the stage presence in their dancing!! they do it the perfect amount to look elegant, smooth, and powerful. and the backup dancers tooo!! great performance :)	2
I love physics, but it makes me question everything and I have had multiple nights where I was deeply disturbed by it.	0
At times I feel so lucky being born in this age of internet, Otherwise it was no way possible for me to learn from this legend of machine learning for free, looking at this career  across academia and industry , he is a pioneer . It like learning integral calculus from Newton himself.	2
"The goose caught my eye. My brother had similar altercations with a goose when he was a toddler. Love the movie. Love the story. Love the musicologist and the organium. 
Applicable story for these times. I thank the for this that thou hast presented."	2
Tan, you're amazing and inspiring! I'm a 23-year-old international student and this video helped me a lot!!!! <3	2
Thank you so much for sharing all of your tips and tricks! You are seriously such an inspiration. I am currently trying to start my own blog, and it is harder than I thought it would be to juggle school, work and starting a blog . I am so grateful for your content, and everything that you share!	2
When you support someone from start and than u see him on this stage. Really feeling proud of you guys...??????????.. .. . . .. . .... . . . . . . . . .. . . .. . . . .. . .	2
Jane sounds like the kind of person you dont want to have a conversation with. Everything would be turned into race. ??	0
"The ""fuck off"" had me dying! I always love your ""follow instructions"" videos."	2
I freaking adore this movie	2
Much gratitude for this informative lecture	2
i have learned the ability to skip sponsors before he even says a word about it	1
as a 14 year old and a business enthusiast...this is one of the best videos out there. I learnt alot. thank you!!	2
Mr beast really went from making commentary videos to changing many peoples lives .. Jimmy is the best creator ever..	2
This looks a lot better than the version they showed last year. Smooth framerate, fast-paced action and over the top silliness. Welcome back Bayonetta. ??	2
Este hermoso hombre se pone mejor y mejor. Cada lbum es una obra de arte perfecta. Nunca te encuentres con tal talento en 70 s. Te amo Ed. Me mantienes en marcha.	1
Beluga is getting smarter in every upload ????	2
No its not an A or even a B rate movie.....the core cpl went from being a no nothing not worried about nothing , to analyzing what was going on around the world AT THAT TIME  and starting on a journey that i think many of us have been on for awhile. I will not criticize their reactions , too many people right now are right where they were at the start of this movie. Instead , they started to oopen their eyes and see what possibilitys could happen and took the first steps into prepardness. Im as bad as they are about knowing my neighbers , ill admit that , ive lived in this house 25 years and i only know and talk to 2 of my neighbers...and theres like 20 familys up here withen a mile mabey more. Folks , instead of criticizing this film , analyze it and see where YOU stand and how you can help others.	0
i just love watching these videos. keep up the good work barney!	2
Maravilha de som!	1
"So you recorded over 3.5 hours of excellent content without any fillers or fluff + posted on youtube without monetizing with adds? Hats off to you!
"	2
I dont know how I could carry on living if I got banned from a Gmod server	0
That suit looks amazing. This suit needs to be put on either spiderman remastered or spiderman 2.	2
The first game is Wonder and so well polished. Imagine if it was released in 90s it would've wiped the market	2
Kinda sad that Cena's return at MITB wasn't on here, but it was still a great video none the less.	2
I love all the people LTT has added for labs. Clearly they're knowledgeable and passionate about tech! Labs is gonna be killer. Love it!	2
The question of whether to indict, prosecute a former president is irrelevant and immaterial: if he's guilty, he's guilty.	0
Got my Series X on Friday, and Im really impressed with it. The visuals are jaw dropping.	2
Thanks Guinness. I actually made it in 2019 though had to wait for it to be ratified. It would have made a great story to say I did it in lock down but the truth is I didn't.	2
More power to you !! honestly seen your content ideas grow since last few years....just know you are improving and doing your best to entertain us.	2
It was hard enough for me to solve the normal axis cube, I cant imagine doing the 4x4	0
Troubleshooting video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOxiutcdquY	1
Thank you for  your  history listen, As a 77yr old Black American, educated  BA degree  and a US  Veteran, I was unable to express why my life goal was to live abroad, I'm FREE AT LAST, I'm an EXPAT  in Mexico,	2
Thanky bro	2
"???????????????????
Facebook: https://facebook.com/EmWatsonThailand
Twitter: https://twitter.com/EWThailand
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/emmacwatson_th
Blogspot: http://ewthailand.blogspot.com"	1
Yeah I've been able to withdraw my initial investment and some profits from Coswift arbitrage. I Still think this is still unreal though. This won't last long term but at this point, I'm making 3.2-3.6% a daily  If this doest go well, I'll be ok.	2
We could be the greatest team that the world has ever seen OH BELIEVE ME, YOU ALWAYS WERE! ??	2
"If you would like more information about what happened to families during this time, a great book to read would be Red Scarf Girl. The author actually lived through the cultural revolution and the book is a retelling of what she lived through.

My english teacher actually made a unit covering the cultural revolution. He went very in-depth and explain a lot of what happened. He also had us do an essay comparing Mao and a Dictator of our own choice. It was very informative and I believe that more people should be taught about this dark side of history."	2
I'm late to this party but I wanted to let you know that your explanation of relativity and the graphic of the two trains has helped more of my physics students than any thing else I have come across. Simple. Elegant and accessible.  Thanks for the great videos.	2
Really? This is where we are headed with music and entertainment. I like my artist's real and HUMAN. I mean what could possibly go wrong with a room full of white guys conjuring up an AI black Rapper?????????????	0
"""What's in the box?!?"" Anderson Cooper just killed me."	0
Who knew there were so many traitors living amongst us?	0
	1
Seems odd to create AR creative around satellite tech, since its just for emergencies.  But also agree doesnt seem like cameras will get tech for astro photography as youd think other issues with phone photography need to be addressed before trying to shoot stars. In any case, glad they put out the invites a week earlier than usual  Ill be able to plan for Get Ready/Pre-Order/APU if all models are on-time.	1
So, basically tell them what they want to hear, be the person they want you to be, wear a mask.	1
"This is a delicious idea!

Also, his GF watching him like ??

AlsoAlso Imagine hearing him eat with no music or background noise for an entire filming session ?????"	2
DEVE SER T?O BOA ESSAS COMIDAS COREANAS ???????? !!! A VONTADE DE EXPERIMENTAR ? GRANDEEEE !!! ADOREI O V?DEO , GOSTAMOS MUITO DE VER E FAZER ASMR TAMB?M ??????????????????????????????	2
"This is 3 cubes
*proceeds to make 4d shape in the multiverse from one single fucking 3d cube*"	0
"I used to work as a manager at McDonalds in Canada and I also travel to Japan often so when I do get McDonalds in Japan, I often like to try something different there. 
Its been a few years since I last went (partly due to Covid), but I tried the locomoco burger and Hawaii blue drink and both were pretty good.
Oh and the teriyaki burgers are pretty good."	2
Tiempos que no volveran, la electronica en su mejor tiempo... Que recuerdo escucharlas en 2022 ??????	2
Mas um vdeo fantstico	1
Amazing interview, startling how much he has done at such a young age! Good lessons on the virtues of hard work, and resourcefulness. Must have had terrific parents at home to encourage and guide his endeavors.	2
"So this guy ( who's been the head of the Intelligence committee ) wants to see lot's of things from the Justice department, and FBI, now that some action is finally happening involving DJT's crimes.
Although apparently he was fine with seeing nothing in the last five years of criminal behavior ?"	0
Im 67 years old and have lived my entire life in Mississippi.  #43 is a huge win in that every time I have observed state rankings regarding quality of life issues we are nearly always #50.   The reason we have come up in the rankings is that my daughter is a teacher in the Mississippi public school system, and she raised Mississippis ranking seven points by herself!  I am very proud!	2
I said this before but I love how you teach. You always give great tips, things wed want to know. :)	2
5 Minute Crafts always provides us the latest ideas and solves our everyday problems by their video.So,just want to say-Thank you 5 Minute Crafts. ?	2
"This is amazing
No confusing instructions 
No details missed
(Except the one we're how you take the little controls off)
And the cool thing is that you didn't stutter
It doesn't matter but it's just amazing how your explanation went"	2
I got a stalemate trap over the board once. It was against a 1700 rated player and he was living on a +30 increment, it was a little more elaborate than your one, I had to sacrifice the queen but he had no way to stop it, and I got so excited I lost the ability to speak   for the next 30 min and I was just thinking about you all the time, so thank you for that 1/2 point, Eric	2
"Great content as usual! 

I don't know whether you already did a video about it, but do you think that data analysis is going to be saturated in the next years? 

With all these hype about data I was wondering if the offer of data analysis is going to be higher than the demand for these jobs.

Thank you for spreading the knowledge about data :)"	2
You will continue to suffer if you have an emotional reaction to everything that is said to you.  True power is sitting back and observing things with logic.  True power is restraint.  If words control you that means everyone else can control you.  Breathe, and allow things to pass.	1
Preston is type of guy who creates clickbait titles and clickbait thumbnails but the video ends up actually being what the title and thumbnail say, so extra awesome points to him	2
You got a 1310 on your very first try?! Thats crazy!!	2
"""If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it."" 

 - Marcus Aurelius"	1
Should I Upload Daily? ALSO Make Sure To LIKE The Video And Subscribe! ??????	2
"Do Republicans realize that we can see them? 

It's like Jefferson Davis trying to take credit for signing the 13th amendment which freed the slaves. ??"	0
"Right!!!

Seeing family dynamics in the MCU's a breath of fresh air since Ms Marvel and family dinners can be a hit or miss. The artwork shown in the pilot really gave us an idea on how episode 2 will play out. Tatiana Maslany's nailing it as She-Hulk/Jennifer Walters."	2
"""One of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something. He always respect us the audience and his team and he is always polite in all of his videos. We congratulate ourselves on this achievement. More to come and everything to come"" ????"	2
GTA 5 ?? ???? ???????? ?????,, ??????? ????? ???	1
The fact this came from Kotaku means it can't be taken serious.	0
"KHUY?N M?I T?I 50% C?C M?U TAI NGHE CHUY?N GAME C?C R?, XEM NGAY:
- Tai Nghe BLUETOOTH Kh?ng D?y Chuyn Game: https://shope.ee/2VEARml6Y4
- Tai Nghe G10 C Mic R?i L?c ?m Gi R?: https://shope.ee/9K4WGYBYZs
- Tai Nghe RP12 Siu R? Chuyn Game Free Fire: https://shope.ee/9K4WGZoPGT
- Tai Nghe X6 Nghe Nh?c Hay Ch?i Game ??nh: https://shope.ee/9K4WGb1PM0
- Tai Nghe KT-02 Micro Chuyn D?ng Ch?i Game: https://shope.ee/AJx3STWCHY
- Tai Nghe G-Pro C?ng Type-C Cao C?p Chuyn Game: https://shope.ee/4zvX6hcUfT
- Qu?t T?n Nhi?t S L?nh MEMO DL05 Siu Mt: https://shope.ee/AJxZMleRcm
- Qu?t T?n Nhi?t ?i?n Tho?i MEMO FL05 Gi R?: https://shope.ee/6A80P9kINd"	1
"*34:25*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
yo Subtrist is so hilarious especially his face with his glasses, and his reaction	2
"""it's actually 3 cubes""

*Proceeds to fold it into a new earth*"	1
Wolves are so close to being a top flight team.  However, glad to see Spurs come out on top.	2
New crypto is insane unli enemy detection good for trio spam squad in rank??	2
Pretty cool video, you explained with humour how is a so huge number possible, well done ??	2
Good movie! Lots to learn to be prepared	2
Thanks for this video!! taking my SAT in a few weeks	2
React on a funny video, plz! ??	2
If you are interested in submitting videos or other content to be featured on Season 2 of The Proof Is Out There, head to https://www.history.com/shows/the-proof-is-out-there/articles/do-you-have-the-proof to agree to our Terms and Conditions and submit your content via our Submission Page.	1
The RGB sound bar would be perfect for my setup! Ive been using the speakers in my monitor as my main sound system, so it would be a nice upgrade for me.	2
We want more than this honorable teacher, the theory and the practice in the mean time, learning for the students will be a real pleasure, thank you Sir.	2
Dude's beating those drums like they owe him money.	0
Wow amazing ..	2
Candy K always looks to me like she's being held captive or just been released. ??	1
The alligator at 1:55 is oh my god!!! Extremely huge and tall, that was very surprising to me	2
17:22 : stockfish 15 awarding stockfish 15 a brilliant move be like : yes incredible i definitely  would not have seen it	2
Love these songs! Keep doing it!????	2
Apple is making a big mistake by giving the Apple Watch Pro all the nice features. Weve been waiting for a redesign for the Apple Watch for awhile. But Apple will just have to deal with the consequences and watch as all this Pro watches sit on shelves and collect dust, just like the original HomePod	0
I would actually play this game for hours, keep going!	2
"Sorry.
Net issues ki vajay se acchese bye bhi nhi keh paya.
Anyways Dhyan rakhna aapna aapna sabhi log
Milte he 3 din bad stream pe
Love you all??"	2
"The song really sets the theme of the scene. ""I ain't worry about right now"" ""but time is running out"" those lyrics definitely fits the current situation of the characters too."	2
??????	2
Watch all new episodes of The Proof Is Out There, returning soon, and stay up to date on all of your favorite The HISTORY Channel shows at http://history.com/schedule.	2
I love how after all the investigation, no conclusion is reached.	2
"It is always amazing how quickly people forget the aftermath of  a specific event. 
Good report. Thank you."	2
How did he even get on the ballot? There has to be some intellectual people in our government or its doomed!	0
Seasoned craft brewery tour guide here, and Im so glad he ended on Drink what you like. Sometimes people get weirdly judgmental about the beer preferences of others. At the end of the day, there are hundreds of beer styles for a reason, so everyone can find at least one style they actually like.	2
"You also said pay attention to LUNA cause it eould be ""biggg""

Maybe you are just hoping for the best like all of us and nothing else...."	1
"In your video description, you might ""regard"" C as the fastest language, but this isn't always the case. Both C++ and Rust can achieve the same performance even with higher-level language features (zero-cost abstractions). Compiler optimization is a large part of language performance."	2
fun fact: gf was apparently voiced by kawai sprite, who is a guy so thats cool ig	2
I am literally going to comment on every video you have and Im going to send you an email to personally thank you, this video literally changed my life and changed how I will approach interviews going forward. I had a big interview with a big company that was four hours long with four different people in one day. Me already having my stories written down in the STAR method, making sure I said I in everything and having my stats on how I helped my previous Company gave me the confidence I needed to answer any questions that they needed. I was also able to dissect my stories to answer other questions that they needed this method is so bullet proof. I received a call yesterday that I got the job and Im so happy I cannot thank you enough.	2
"20 years in financial services tells me the Harvard professor knows what he's talking about. :-).  It's easy to get started.  Keep a part of everything you earn and invest it so it grows (Mihir mentioned index funds) and/or pays you money (Mihir mentioned treasuries).  Make sure you are contributing to any company plan, at least enough to get the match.  Learn as you go.

Three books to check out in addition to The Wisdom of Finance
Rich Dad, Poor Dad -mentioned in the show
The Richest Man in Babylon
The Millionaire Next Door

Way to expand the guest list Lewis."	2
Huge thanks to the Lofi Girl team for including me in this beautiful compilation, such an honor! ?	2
First lecture in the 2019 deep learning series! It's humbling to have the opportunity to teach at MIT and exciting to be part of the AI community. Thank you all for the support and great discussions over the past few years. It's been an amazing ride.	2
"Man, OnePlus is in the wrong direction after Carl Pei left.
From *flagship killer* to *forgettable company*"	0
"Honestly, this guy have some of the most relaxing asmr,, I love this ????
Keep it up bro... love from India ????"	2
nunca envelhece, bate na mesma vibe, como se fosse a primeira vez!!!	2
Polamalu jumping over the line against the Titans is extra smart, because he knows that even if he's too early, it's a flag, but just half the distance to the goal. They're already so close to the goal line that it doesn't matter.	2
Thank you Brian and everyone behind the scenes who make WSF, you are doing a great service!	2
I never really noticed this anxiety he has surrounding staying successful and creating content. I hope he knows that we love him for who he is not just the content he creates. Thats the real life force behind his success. Yeah his music is fantastic but its him as a person that makes us feel the way we do. Thats timeless.	2
The simple idea of making a game engine from scratch is just too impressive for my tiny brain to comprehend.	2
"Things to help you study:

Water: did you know you can only survive a couple days with out it? Also it can help you concentrate
Lofi music: why not? It helps!!
burning incense: OMG, it just puts you in zone!!
Snacks- I find it hard to study on an empty stomach.
Breaks: Breaks are very important if you want to stay concentrated, and if you stretch out your back, you may be lucky and get a few good back cracks!
sleep: Sleep well at night!!!
Comfy space: Make your study space as comfy as possible! (just not to much so you will fall asleep!!)
TURN OFF YOUR PHONE (Unless all you are doing is work/studying and lofi girl music)
Also open up a window, its great for fresh air!!
And lastly your study stuff!!
Now go and study and stop looking at comments!! 
Hope you have a great study time! I know you are woking hard. Be proud of your self. Don't let anyone put you down!! You are strong. You can do this!! I am proud of you!! <3"	2
"For me its simple. When I spend a lot of money on something, the least I expect is that its built to last, and from my experience iPhones and Apple products in general do just that. The moment that isnt the case, Ill have no hesitation in moving on. 

Build quality and optimisation is something other rival tech companies fail to prioritise these days.. I have a collection of broken Samsung phones for example, not dropped or miss treated, just phones that became unusable after a couple of years of use. I have an iPhone 6s and an iPhone XR that work as well now as they did when I first bought them, that gives me confidence that I wont need to upgrade my 13 Pro Max until within reason, I choose to do so."	0
What if you have a big divide? My daughter has a math score under 600 but a verbal score over 700 for a 1320. She also has an unweighted 4.0 in AP and IB courses, 5s on both AP tests she took so far and a 7 on her first IB test.	1
I think it's a time of wait and see. Imo, we're seeing all these investments because interest rates are low. If at the end of the process, Sony for example don't see financial gain, I can easily see it reverting. We're all hoping this works as gamers, but none of us know what the end result will be.	1
"""""""Let's all appreciate the content of this man and his

crew makes it's just a masterpiece Imagine what's he's gonna doing in the future ????"	2
A guy I used to know at school got hit by the same car in the same place twice, almost exactly 5 years apart	0
Can we honestly just appreciate how much effort Liger puts into his videos?	2
for me, what got my career in coding started was my experience as a student programmer for a company near my university that hired me on basically as an intern. They hired me because I worked for them on my Senior capstone project (fall semester) so I worked for them as an intern during my last semester, through that following summer, and then I landed my first full time job in the fall. I would have stayed with them had they been talking to me and expressed interest in actually treating me like an actual employee.	2
Having been a senior developer for some 15 years now, I still found this a very useful recap and great at articulating certain salient points. Thank you!	2
Ah man, usually these are hilarious but this teacher seems really kind just trying to do his job	2
I admire people who kindly spread knowledge on this planet. Thank you very much for that free tutorial.	2
"This really helps! My teacher only lectures and she skips a lot because we ""are already supposed to  know it"" and we are expected to know 10x the information she actually gives us."	2
Even this 17 min video is more meaningful than their whole lifetime videos on health and hygine in their channel????	2
They know full well what they are doing. They've shown repeatedly that they don't care about the Constitution or laws that hold them accountable; laws are for everyone else. They are just pulling everyone's leg, it's simply and literally a game to them. That's what abusers do.	0
One of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something. He always respect us, the audience and his team, and he is polite in all his videos. We congratulate ourselves on this achievement. More to come?????????????????????	2
Hey Gibi, I don't know if you'll even see this but I really appreciate your videos. I went through something very sad and difficult 4 months ago yesterday. I won't explain what I'm going through and how I feel, mainly because I don't think I can find the words to describe it. Anyways, I just started watching your videos a couple days ago and your content is the only thing that has managed to calm me down enough to sleep. Thank you so much ?	2
Thanks for watching everyone! I hope you have a better understanding of what it is like to be a professional data scientist! Sign up or learn more about SharpestMinds here: https://www.sharpestminds.com?r=ken-jee . Again, SharpestMinds is a data science mentorship marketplace that only gets paid when you land a job!	2
"l?u r?i m?i c bi lm mnh replay v nghe nhi?u l?n nh? v?y, r?t tuy?t v?i 

#canoc"	1
"First: I've been questioning myself, HOW DOES JPERM KNOW ALL THOSE NAMES
Second: HOW IS HE THIS RICH"	0
I am LIVING for the revolutionary joke. Gonna be giggling about that for a while. Great breakdown and honest feedback!	2
I lyk this whole interview nd moreover very cute doggie	2
This music deserves millions of views. Amazing Job!!!	2
As an Indian, Id love to spend a week just eating street food in Lahore and Karachi. Hopefully we can make it happen in this lifetime.	2
"Hey everyone, 
after some years of experience I know by myself how difficult it can get when learning and optimizing programming skills. 
A few days ago I had a very interessting, nerdy conversation about this topic with a very good friend of mine who is also in the programming business for many years.
The question which fascinated me the most was "" how one could make the lives of programmer a lot easier?""
The reason why i tell you this is because I am very exited about your opinion on this topic!Especially the following 2 questions would interest me the most:
1. As programmer, what are/ were the 2 biggest issues youre dealing with?
2. Regarding your programming skills, what would you wish for more than anything else?


Thanks so much in advance - looking forward to reading your answers!"	2
"About 15 years ago or more, I remember people saying how Apple was way more secure than PC. Back then I said ""don't count on it"". Everything has a target on on it."	1
I love how you can add Dream in front of any regular object and make it a powerful Kirby artifact.	2
Why don't we have these mixes on Spotify/Amazon Music? ??	0
with the amount of people obsessed with nostalgia these days no one will actually be nostalgic in a few years	0
I Love that he uses his manners and eats with his mouth closed. Thank him and his Familia.	2
Its awful sad to see how stuff goes to thrash when the general public gets access. Look at YouTube itself, with its mandatory  ad friendly content, social media taking over everything, lack of variety due to companies milking winning formulas dry; Game companies noticing that the casual player is not demanding quality at all it sucks.	0
Stalingrad is the embodiment of Im not trapped in here with you, youre trapped in here with me	1
This is excellent even for people already working in related fields because it talks about many tools and concepts they may have overlooked. The organization, clarity, and Paulson's breadth of knowledge are impressive!	2
Mano essa foi +/- mais oque mais me interessou a foi o lies of p	1
?????  ????	1
I would like to live in a world where there is only tranquility and peace, where there are no problems or bad people, where I am relaxed listening to these melodies, the sound of nature and being able to enjoy the day without stress.	2
If I was to predict the future now, I'd make future architecture look more like hobbit holes for rural areas, and artificial hills with forest-cover up top for the urban ones. For we either manage to bring some space for nature back, or we won't have a future.	1
1:21 is like art. they are made of metal in Prague there are several of them on the ground and on one tower, and they are very popular. (and also they have very creepy faces, like as if someone had gone out there square)	1
Been 3 years and Rich Brian still making my day	2
Am so grateful when people are serious and honest. Its not only effecting people in us. Also outside	2
This is the type of stuff that will make you grow because a lot of people are casual non club players but love chess and are always willing to learn	2
I often watch this Ted Talk when needing extra encouragement as a home educator. May you Rest In Peace, Sir Ken Robinson. Thank you for sharing your wisdom.	2
Part 3 will be on backpropagation.  I had originally planned to include it here, but the more I wanted to dig into a proper walk-through for what it's really doing, the more deserving it became of its own video.  Stay tuned!	2
Dop, l love this song	2
"me: *picking out my morning eye crust*
brad:im sure you look incredible"	2
I really liked the way the game was described. Each move was analyzed with possible options, giving the viewer opportunity to see how Fischer developed his strategy. Some commentators are too fast, too slick. This was much better.	2
Do you resonate more with software engineering or data science? Let me know in the comments below!	1
GOOD LUCK WITH COLLEGE APPS!!?????	2
So cutee. Loved it!!!???	2
It gives a early 2000s vibe but like an upgrade version, Im here for it! For me I do dabble in some cool tone eyeshadows myself but this look is everything, specially the lips like it really just pulls the look together I wished I was blessed with the pigment on your lips ?? either way you look so flawless as always and girl your skin without makeup is so perfect	2
this is amazingly educational, most of these are not mentioned in school.. =)	2
Never knew Filipino foods are so mouthwatering. Love from India	2
I love it when an ASMRtist tries something different and it works excellently.	2
"Me: * turns one side of green cube *
oh I guess nothing will happen
My brain: TURN IT BACKKK!!"	1
I always enjoyed selling this product as a fishmonger. It was something my guest looked forward to and I was happy to sell. It rly is top tier fish and some I do quite respect	2
"Desi is delightful. ""I'm not gonna make homemade sauce, it's already in the store."" That's a man who works for a living."	2
"Harvard has 20 BILLION with a"" B ""endowment ..Loans should be by the colleges"	1
you need to watch his first guy to play tag and the first guy to play duck duck goose. one his funniest ones	2
I genuinely like the mini gan 3x3 over the 17x17 just because Im a gan fan and because I can only solve the 3x3	2
I'm a computer science student, and this is really entertaining to watch ??good to research background info on my field	2
"who said my man AI can't reproduce, just do 2 simple steps:
Ctrl + C
Ctrl + V 
Boom, 2 AI"	1
Absolutely diserves blinding lights ever I imagined Ms Marvel would be introduced like this and she is awesome as and the theme is awesome too.... It's made for u Ms Marvel to born in MCU	2
I love all your videos. They are not only informative but also easy to understand	2
This video is ?? Thank you, Austin. Love the Bitcoin and Eth videos.	2
On parle trop de Sony et peut de Microsoft ??	0
Im always amazed and mesmerized by your eating skills. You are delightful.	2
What I find good about stickerless is that you can be almost 100% sure that if you're buying a stickerless cube, it will turn at least half-decent, while on stickered you may run into unfilleted cubes that require wrist rotations, like the Original Rubik's series. Of course, you always look closely at what you're buying, but it just seems like an interesting little detail to think about. :)	2
24 Oras Livestream: Augt 22, 2022 _ Replay	1
Thanks for super simple explanation	2
I love the videos keep it up	2
"The most advanced ""aggressive"" alien species is less of a threat to humanity than the earthly powers in control"	0
"Table of Contents:
1) Nucleic Acids 1:30
2) DNA
-A) Polymers 1:53
-B) Three Ingredients 2:12
-C) Base Pairs 3:45
-D) Base Sequences 4:13
3) Pop Quiz 5:07
4) RNA 5:36
-A) Three Differences from DNA 5:43
5) Biolography 6:16
6) Replication 8:49
-A) Helicase and Unzipping 9:22
-B) Leading Strand 9:38
-C) DNA Polymerase 10:08
-D) RNA Primase 10:24
-E) Lagging Strand 10:46
-F) Okazaki Fragments 11:07
-F) DNA Ligase 11:47"	1
If you got any new shoes for school, comment what you got! Im trying to see something!! ????	1
Jisko fake lagta hai woh like karo??????????	1
I will not sell when it is listed, I see 10 dollars at this rate, I bought it for 20 cents, I go through the money	1
Need more topics to cover by this amazing professor.	2
This is obviously terrifying, but... Can we just take a moment to appreciate the fact that he is attempting to cleanse objects of negative energy with the element fire? That's legit one of the witchiest acts of witchcraft out there, lmao.	0
Kkkkkkk que nostalgia vei, joguei mt o 2 de xbox 360, lembro me de um bug que vc fazia, primeiro apagava uma atualiza??o que tinha, depois comprava a habilidade de viagem rapida, dps ficava com menos dinheiro do que precisava pra usar a viagem rapida, ai viajava para o mais longe possivel de viagem rapida, ai dps era s vc ver e c ficava com 999.999.999 cr	1
That auto drone scan thing should have like a 5 secs cool down at least	1
those chill morning vibes ?	2
ah yes my young lord boruto proving minatos genes were passed to him. how he used his vanishing rasengan so fast and still met up to hit that backflip and dodge saradas chidori- TOOO BEAUTIFUL AND MY GOAT MOMO UGH	2
I love how she does everything so neatly ????	2
All need to be on trail, parents pimped out their kids, theyre all guilty!!	0
I am doing my doctorate in Engineering, and studying theoretical physics is my all time favourite hobby. I am going to derive all these myself now. Many thanks for creating this wonderful presentation.	2
As someone with exactly zero experience with building computers, this was invaluable. I followed along step by step and actually built a working (budget) gaming rig! Thank you all so much for this video.	2
"Tip: for the whats your weakness question be sure to offer a weakness that is not directly needed in the job. 

Like if you need to be very organized in the job dont say that as a weakness. Most people have several weaknesses, offer something that is not directly needed in the job you are applying for (even if youre saying its something youve overcome or youre working on now). You dont want to offer up a reason not to hire you. 

Also be sure to watch your facial expressions - you may be super passionate and or just  thinking ?? but you dont want to come off as angry or frowning (smile every once in a while haha) 
Much ??."	0
I love this playlist! I use it all the time for gaming :D	2
"Perfect defense for a bank robber.
""YOUR HONOR, MY CLIENT WAS JUST TAKING THE MONEY TO A MORE SECURE LOCATION""."	0
When you ask 50 to 100 percent higher price then 2 years ago thats what gonna happen.	1
She Hulk comics were hands down some of the funniest comics I read as a kid. Decent action, but mostly hilarious. If this is half as funny they'll have a winner.	2
I honestly feel like COD MW on did it best on Xbox 360. Achievements for single player and challenges for multiplayer. That was 2007. Now Im 34 with a wife and kids. Its almost unimaginable trying to do 100% a game with multiplayer supporting a family and working.	2
I'm not sold on the new gimmick and frankly nothing will ever beat the sheer excitement mega evolution gave me but I'm really looking forward to play both of these games !	2
GIBI, the answer is always yes. We like EVERYTHING you do we want ALL the vids ??	2
So underrated that's so sad...ur skills r absolutely definitely and totally amazing	2
Words are not enough to appreciate what you present in your channel, I do believe you are number one in programming.	2
pov: you aren't here for tiktok , you are here because it's a nice song	2
That admin truly understands Soup will bring popularity to the server and is looking out for the guys against stream snipers. Massive respect to that admin	2
Thanks for this amazing discussion ??	2
*Nice Music. From Vi?t Nam With Love*	2
for any secret menu you have to know what the parts of the item you want is	1
This is really helpful for preparing and facing the job interviews. Thank you for the video.	2
Do people remember when Joe the 10% big guy told Americans get ready for a dark winter! it'll be like you've never seen !	1
Great story on the ps4 fix with the controller problem afterwards! Had these kind of situation so much at my previous job!	2
"Me: *moves a pawn one space forward*
Chess theorists: ""Ah yes, a classic Pythagoras' Last Stand.  A popular tactic, but easily countered by an Istanbul Thrust."""	1
"""I'd say sleep (and exercise and diet) are probably the most important things for concentration.""
...
""yeah it's 2:30am for me here"""	1
I have gone through this course from the beginning to end. It was a wonderful tutorial and now I could write basic sequel queries with confident. I was having very less knowledge about and was not confident in writing queries before. Thank you Mosh and keep up the good work!	2
"Kolory chc? was ""zakolorowa?"" na ?mier??"	1
Just documents?!? classified documents in unauthorized hands and insecure property is just documents???	0
In today's time Andrew Ng is legend by his ML knowledge ??	2
A narrativa do asmr falando de viagens para Roma, Napolis e outros lugares da europa, e eu me imaginando indo pra 25 de mar?o em ?nibus de excurs?o comprar muamba pra revender	1
"3:55 - Not really, C++ is much more complex than C, you have the standard template library(STL), templates (check std::enable_if for example), different methods of casting (C-style cast, static_cast, dynamic_cast, reinterpret_cast), RTTI (run time type information), concepts and constraints (some kind of traits) (concept and require keywords), range-based for loops, rvalues and lvalues, lambda expressions, std::launder (I don't know what ""memory laundering"" is), and more.

Using C++ with standard C functions is a anti-pattern. Same for using C++ as ""C with classes"" as it was initially created."	1
You guys should do a video about the historical Lone Ranger. The guy was a stone cold badass.	2
I have always enjoyed reading about pirates, this was very well done !	2
"Ive been following your content for a at least 4 years now! Its the reason I am a robotics control engineer now, you pulled me through 4th year control systems with your conveniently-timed boot camp.   Please keep up the great content! 

PS are you accepting PhD students?"	2
I am giving the SATs this Saturday, and when I say this, I mean it. This is by far the best video I have watched on the Reading section. The double trick worked so perfectly for me in the practice test. May God bless you :)	2
At this point, Uncle rift is gonna draw us into reality	1
Lmao just changed my major to CS and was nervous for the math portion. Then I realized Im not actually that bad at math and I was making it seem worse than it was. Dont know if that will change when the semester starts but Im excited! Gotta say thank you Forrest youre the reason I felt confident in changing my major to Computer Science!	2
Makapagluto nga din ng sinigang ??	2
Yep, watching my hives fade day after day until they completely vanished was such a relief, I went with what I pointed out and within the first 10 days or so the urticaria was barely visible! I just go'ogled the latest by Shane Zormander and after 20 days my skin has never been healthier!	2
this is non ironically one of greatest pieces of art i ever seen	2
"(Please turn on English subtitles!??)

?? ??? ??? ?? ???? ? ??? ??? ?? ? ???????? ??!!??
These days, when you go to a convenience store, there is a lot of food!!??
So I think you can make any kind of food.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Instagram?https://www.instagram.com/gongsam_table/ 
facebook?https://www.facebook.com/GONGSAMTABLE203
TikTok ?https://www.tiktok.com/@gongsam_table 
bilibili?https://space.bilibili.com/549639445 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://www.youtube.com/s/gaming/emoji/7ff574f2/emoji_u1f60b.png"	1
"0:00-Intro
0:37-Backpack
1:40-16-Inch MacBook Pro/M1 Max
2:23-SD Card Reader
2:42-AirPods Max
2:59-AirTags
3:07-Body Cap For Canon R5
3:13-Webcam
3:47-Canon R5
4:18-Cables
4:54-Power Adapter/10W
5:02-RealMe Power Adapter
5:33-Apple Watch Charger
6:00-Pens
6:11-Adapter
6:40-Wallet
7:50-iPhone 13 Pro
8:14-Pixel 6 Pro


Bye"	1
Roughly as safe as. As a 27 year military officer-a Jag attorney now a judge, that ridiculous, slimy phrase sets my teeth on edge. Its like saying a Honda Civic hatchback is the same as a Mercedes S class sedan, because they both have 4 wheels ??????	0
"Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people that they don't like.
D Will Rogers"	0
Duuuuude. For years and years I never understood why time slows down when you move faster. Your diagram with the two flashlight beams completely cleared it up! Subscribed.	1
The nostalgia on this was off the charts! My earliest ASMR experience as a kid (along with playing with hair) were these back tracing games.	2
My heart was pounding just watching this. Thank God ya'll are okay. Quality content, love it. :D	2
Well we do have some really bad ass games on game pass already and if they ain't planning any new additions this yr we should be good.. honestly it's not a big deal for me personally ?? I run both xbox series S and X which honestly its been more series S than the X. And ps5 so I'm good on games lol ?? dude I have thousands of games already on both platforms ??. So yea and atm I'm back on forza horizon 4 and 5 and elden ring and dark souls 3 and demon souls remake. So I'll be busy for a while so if they wanna sort things out for us on GP I'm ok and I'm sure many of us are.. xbox has been really good to us ya know. They take a huge hit just for us to have fun and that's why I love xbox. They truly try to help us out with lowering the prices of the series S and X and keeping game pass cheap and keeping a ton of games on it. Yeah games on Xbox store is higher than picking up the disk for ps4 n ps5 ect but still they do good by us with Game pass n the cheap as hell monthly bill and the already low price of the series S n X...  and i don't understand why ppl are shit talking the Series S.... dude I love mine I have 3 of em ?? ??.  And it can do 4k Microsoft already said it does lmao.. and all ya gotta do is when you plug it up to your TV go to settings display settings and select 4k 60hz or 4k 120hz what ever your TV or monitor does.. and then start a Game... and then take the TV remote and hit the OK button.... your TV will tell you what the series S is putting out to it... mine shows 4k 60hz Hdr10 DD and the games look beautiful and smooth.. yeah it's not as nice as the series X but it's Def not 1080P it's a higher resolution 100% and I don't see how someone can get 1080p by looking at it lol.. 1080p don't look that damn sharp n good lmao... and just look at the ps4 pro specs... the ps4 pro is a 4k correct??.... well the series S has better specs has better hardware... the same or a Lil more Tflops as well... the series is is a Zen 2 which is a AMD 3k series a RTX machine... it will do 4k just not as well as its bigger brother the X...	2
I just realized from this video that I still have my MR rank at Vinns even though I havent stepped foot in the game in over a year. I forgot I even bought the rank lol.	1
This whole comment section grew up with messyourself as such a huge part of our childhood, I remember just watching lucious videos over and over and the granny videos, it's kinda sad to see you haven't made content but everyone needs a break just know we miss you messyourself	0
"Hrithik once said giving d audience same thing what theyve seen is redundant. Give them something more, a little more. 
N he gave us a lottt more.
We fans r loving him. Hes d most versatile n all rounder actor in Bollywood. Perfect blend of everything"	2
this song + rindou is just???	2
"Started this video casually. And got stuck to it for 2+ hours. Eventually gonna finish the whole. 
Important course, great information, smoothly explained. 
Raghu Raman??"	2
Love when Jaby cracks up.	2
her skin is UNBELIEVABLE. not just in this video but over the years every picture of her I notice her skin. She seems very sweet too.	2
As far as the weather, this is absolutely crazy what is going on. My deepest thoughts and prayers are with everyone across the globe who is in a danger zone and experiencing such hardships.	0
The audio is pulled from a talk given by Susskind at UC Berkeley. Search for it on YouTube and youll find it. Not sure why this channel doesnt cite that talk in the description. Theyre just repackaging sound bites with impressive graphics.	0
hahaha great stuff! I lost it when you coded coroutine for the enemy death instead of doing it properly (which is not that hard). Such a nice workaround, Good job :D	2
"Gordon: you cant season a burger while its cooked 
Also Gordon: seasons a burger more when its almost done"	1
A tinta sai do cabelo depois?	1
Thank you Dhar Mann. I am now inspired to steal my mother's credit card in order to get video games. Damien is a role model to me!	2
Im a major Apple fan but the iPhone 12 is so good I cant see a reason to upgrade any time soon. Ill probably just wait til the 16 or 17 and replace the battery when its time	2
"Absolutely awesome ,
Thanks for the video , would be great to see next implementation of any ML algorithm ."	2
An interesting fact is that Patterson was excluded from the 1971 National Research Council Panel to investigate the danger of atmospheric lead poisoning due to political pressure. The Ethyl executives offered CALTECH sizable investments if they got rid of Patterson.	1
"Hi! If you liked this video of WOW SPORT, don't forget to follow / click the like button / leave a comment and enable the notification Bell!

Also, let me know what was your favorite part of the video. Thanks!"	2
Jimmy is quite literally the most influential human being, it's been a long time since ? was brought to tears watching someone do good. Amazing, absolutely amazing. probably the best channel ever. Keep at it brother.	2
*The little animals are so cute and adorable. A meaningful and relaxing video. Thanks for sharing.*	2
Thank you for the clear explanation ??, love it.	2
Beautiful explanation Harry bhai! Highly recommended for all students and even beginner professionals! Harry Bhai ke videos are one of the best sources of knowledge	2
Levon Aronian is by far my favourite player - excellent att chess of course, but a really nice and likeable person too.	2
I followed the Olympiad and was floored by David's performance.  There were over 180 teams, each with around 5 players,  so there must have been  800-900 (if not more) players in the Open division.  Not one of them played more successfully than David Howell.  Moreover, his efforts went a long way towards giving England a top 15 finish.   Congratulations David Howell.  I was very happy for you.	2
I just started learning python recently and this video was incredibly helpful. It actually blew my mind how expertly you described these concepts	2
I got my first Switch a month ago, the OLED edition, and i gotta say its one of my favorite consoles ever. I started with the PlayStation 1, then the GameCube, Gameboy Advanced SP, Wii, Xbox 360, 3DS XL, then really got into PC games, and then stopped playing videogames for many years. So it was a delight getting the Switch specially because of the great games it has. My favorite so far have been Fire Emblem Three Houses, Animal Crossing New Horizons, and Smash Ultimate. Also really surprised with Mario Kart 8 its a lot of casual fun! Well this is my paragraph that no one asked for lol. Great video btw!	2
Look,  the fact is this, these clowns have always taught they were above the law. They can not accept the reality.	0
The border blocks are also available outside of education edition (at least in bedrock they are) and are accessible through the /give command	1
Apaixonada por todas as msicas ?????? um talento sensacional ????	2
You have to talk when you show the pictures	1
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.C Soren Kierkegaard	1
Im scared that Bubs is gonna get too popular, and that he wont be able to make these videos without getting recognized lmao	0
This is the ideal male body. You may not like it but this is what peak performance looks like.	2
Andrew, thanks for another great entry. Please consider turning this into a series. You do an excellent job making these classics feel relevant and essential for understanding and navigating contemporary issues.	2
"""Sophisticated entertainment and empty headed news reports all wrapped up in a constant reference to freedom."" Sounds like America."	0
Whenever I go to a place that doesnt take Apple Pay (doesnt happen too often), its such a drag. Between contactless Covid habits and my getting the Apple Card, Ive gotten so used to Apple Pay that I get seriously annoyed when a store doesnt take it. It feels like a shock, its crazy how quickly it took over my shopping routine! Ive officially been brainwashed by Apple because now it feels so inconvenient to even carry a physical card in my pocket.	0
Great video! I like the structure and the depth of knowledge shown in it.	2
The best tutorial I've ever watched so far! Easy to understand and very clear! You literally answered all my questions! Thank you so much!!!	2
hearing about the pro models getting more expensive and the regular ones being barely an upgrade i just hope the 13 mini will get the usual 100 price drop	1
The sound is amazing! Keep up the good work!	2
Wow, you really went to town on the PSU test rack. That's a serious bit of kit. Very flexible, good choices. Wouldn't surprise me if Choma start offering this bespoke rack to the PSU makers. They all watch your videos, so they'll want to make sure it passes on this exact same rack. You can really push the industry here. Well done. Open source the test interface hardware and software.	2
Increble baile me encanta, las cuatro son unas reinas,  lisa la mejor ??????????,  jenlisa ??	2
"To the person reading this who may be tired of studying but HAS to;

sometimes, before studying, you need to remind yourself what you're doing this for.

you're doing this so you can enjoy your life later.

you could even be doing this in hopes of going to university and partying the heck out of a Friday night.

you'll get there
you can do it.
let's try to make it together, eh?  *smiles and offers you a hand*
 

fix your posture,
unclench your jaw,
relax your muscles,
breath in,
..... and breath out.
repeat with me; 
""I got this!""

Damn right! you HAVE got this. believe in yourself <3

Now, let's get studying!

don't forget to drink water!"	2
Credit to Crystal Palace, that was a great counterattack before the goal, reminiscing of Brentford's 4th on Saturday.	2
"I agree with the Serma's comments regarding Casemiro's age, but this whole ""30 is the new 25"" is very subjective and depends on the player. Luckily, Casemiro happens to be a player that looks after himself well, and is very particular about how he trains and what he eats. His injury record is phenomenal as well. However, not every player ages like Casemiro, Modric, Ronaldo, etc. Some lack the training and nutritional ethic and often retire 1 or 2 years after 30. So, whereas it's objectively true that sports science and nutritional science in general has come a long way, that doesn't mean that every player is taking equal advantage of it (some don't even have the opportunity to do so). Players like Eden Hazard, Sergio Busquets, are good examples of the counter-narrative in my opinion. On his goals, Casemiro is really good at set pieces and his movement inside the opposition's box is very good - great aerial ability as well. All in all, Real should be glad that they didn't lose him without Tchouameni already recruited. Good luck Tank!"	1
"Pink Venom. Out Now.

https://youtu.be/gQlMMD8auMs"	1
Jimmy always comes up with the most edited and well made reaction vids ever	2
Your channel is f*ing awesome, bro! I've been thinking about studying science or computer science so that's exactly what I needed :) Keep it up :D	2
you should do one of these but with worse console players to see who's better all around	1
I like yr ????.....thnx	2
Hey Josh, I have been making a lot of your recipes recently it has been a blast! This last weekend my family and I decided to fire up the wood-fired pizza oven and make pizzas. I finally was able to get over there the night before and made dough from scratch. My GOD what a difference! Additionally, I used your burger sauce recipe as the base for a BORGER ZA. Dough. In-n-out sauce. Mozzarella. Parmasian. Ground Beef. Pickles. Onions. it was sent from god... thank you papa	2
It's so greatfull of you Sundas mam to mentor us gracefully. I'm just 18 but see my future as data scientist and always get many more to learn from u . Mam please keep motivating students like me and others as well . need more videos on data scientist.	2
At this point, we should all be proud to be born in the exact time period and multiverse as Uncle Rift.	2
Hands down, I have never seen anyone explain mathematics so beautifully the way he does. Kudos!	2
Sabes que juego si espero un buen remaster y lo merece el brutal the last history que habia en wii, nintendo tiene joyas llevando polvo	1
Wow! I am so glad I discovered Dr. Penrose today. I wanted to refrain from any comments, but I have to say that the Interviewer asked better questions than Dr. Peterson and he seemed to understand what Prof. Penrose was meaning, whilst Dr. Peterson's brain seemed to short-circuited a few times. My view is that Dr. Peterson came in with an upfront agenda, not to learn but to convince. Kudos to Prof Penrose for schooling Dr. Peterson. Okay, I said enough.	2
Solution to mid-video puzzle - White again plays Nf6 ch. If ... Ke7 or ... Kd8, Nh5 dis ch picks up at least the Exchange, possibly a whole rook depending on where Black's king goes. If ... Kf8, Bh6 wins the Exchange as well.	1
4:16:50 Jovanka singing ??	2
   !	1
"? For all the coffee lovers, dont forget to check out Cometeer and save $20 on your first order!
? https://cometeer.com/excessorize

?? WATCH: Best Gifts Under $20 - https://youtu.be/fTjzQll903I"	2
Hope your nights have been well people. I know I personally struggle alot daily with anxiety and such, but it's always best to find something that calms you down at the end of the day. I hope those of you watching this for maybe your anxiety or insomnia find the necessary peace you need tonight. Struggle is just another path towards a new destination and you will meet the end eventually. From one challenge to another we keep growing. Anyhow, this message goes out to everyone. I hope you are all doing well and are safe somewhere tonight. Sleep well ??	2
I dont remember the tutorial world looking like that, I just remember the whole thing being the castle with a farm to the right, along with the starter house, the red stone area, and the pond of course.	1
"HILARIOUS NEW Zoom Vids soon! i have like 4 vids worth of never before seen footage
I'm trying to get to 10k on instagram! Please follow me for good luck for life <3 https://www.instagram.com/irezi/"	2
I already listened on Spotify, great song. The new album will be amazing if sounds like these two first singles.	2
I love you guys. I hope you know that. ?? You guys brighten my day with these massive tech unboxing videos.	2
"Man its been pretty slow these past few weeks
 Hopefully we'll be back on track next week when game pass stuff gets updates as well as Pacman and Ninja Turtles collection"	1
This was a very strange movie. I'm glad we didn't have to pay to see it.	1
i never took a interest in physics but this dude made me understand the basics of converting gravitational potential to kinetic enegry. huge respect	2
would be great to see a movie starring tom holland and taron egerton as a buddy team up action comedy...doesnt matter if theyre cops or robbers i just think they could have some great chemistry and action potential given their athletic skill	2
When you don't cut out background noises but use them as your advantage is the way of a true asmrtist	0
I'm hoping that this was just meant to be a partial history, with more to come.	1
I am obsessed with this natural glow look!!! You always look so gorgeous!	2
"1:25 Section 1 - Reading
1:17:15 Section 2 - Writing
1:53:15 Section 3 - Math (No Calculator)
2:24:35 Section 4 - Math (Calculator)"	1
"Socrates was the teacher of plato 
Plato was the teacher of aristotle 
Aristotle was the teacher of alexander 
Allegedly , at the age of 32 , julius caesar was seen crying under a statue of alexander because alexander died at 32 and had conquered the known world while julius hadn't done anything notable and was inspired by alexander to rule roman republic
And finally it was due to julius caesar that that his nephew was able to create the Roman Empire and become the most powerful man in the world
That nephew was Gaius Octavius who was given the title 'Augustus' meaning 'The Revered One'"	1
Poor Greg the side effects of being vegan is kicking in	0
I've been out of high school for 7 years in may. It's not very often that I hear a newer song and get sent back to the musical equivalent of me in 2013. I've been trying to do some trauma healing using this song and I think I've made some progress. Slowly but surely I am starting to love myself again after years of just trying to survive wilist hating myself. I may not be happy now but I'm on the road to being there. I don't care if nobody sees this. I just know Im getting better and that's all that matters.	2
I've watched Original vikram vedha (tamil) and honestly I just loved Vijay setupathi as vedha and his mannerisms !! But I would love to see hrithik as vedha ??	2
Soup, just wanted to let you know your videos make me laugh and help me through tough times in my life appreciate you brother keep up the grind??????	2
Thank you! This is probably the best career advise I've ever heard and I'm 54. I have an interview on Tuesday for my dream job which is a field that I have limited experience in. I do have a lot of career success stories, but I've never written them down and I tend to draw a blank when I'm nervous. I look forward to listening to more of your videos and checking out your website.	2
"""Sometimes things have to get worse before they get better.""

I didn't expect life wisdom to come from a video on heuristic optimization algorithms. A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one."	1
"That ""I Don't Wanna Know"" Instrumental is straight fire. 80s/90s babies know what I'm talking about.
 ???????"	2
I MISSED YOU SE EUN.	1
Well, let's consider this most nations give FREE college to their citizens here in the U.S. however we charge them to attend colleges that would make our nation more educated and more adept at high-skilled jobs. It's almost like we want our population to suffer while we are going threw an economic crisis, but hey let's ignore that completely right...	0
Im taking my first SAT exam this Saturday (junior here taking internationally), trying to aim for at least a 1400 ?? may luck be with all of us! ??	2
"5:52 ""What do you think about Waterloo CS?""
Proceeds to ask the one guy who isn't in Waterloo CS"	1
When street food is more expensive than in a restaurant, you know you're in America.	0
Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.	1
Ive been waiting for an upgrade for 12 inch Macbook. I love the 12 inch. Its so thin and light. I carried it in my bag everywhere and I dont feel it. I tried the 13 inch Air and i felt the dent on my shoulder ??	2
Yes Ron bhai your vlogs are all loved and amazing plz upload more ??	2
Kyle, you rock!!	2
"Totally not trying to cram everything in one night... good luck on everyone else whos taking it tomorrow!

Small update: the test wasnt so bad I think overall its the stress we put on ourselves. Just be sure to read everything carefully and not to second guess too much. If a question is hard skip it and come back later. Get the points you know you for certain understand and can get and then the rest"	2
"One very unrelated subject that annoys me.
Even though I would love that every game had the play anywhere feature.
I get Microsoft cant really force third party companies like Ubisoft, to jum aboard , they make a lot of money from people having to re-buy the same game.

But atleast there should be a way to keep your progress.

I jumped from Xbox series x , to a mega high end pc build .
And I have lost every single bit of progress I had in every gamr"	0
"The announcer here and on the direct is so good. She sounds so energetic and passionate and it fits the game really well and gets me excited to play even more.

I am so unbelievably hyped up for this game omg

Ive been a fan of Splatoon one but I didnt get a hold of the game until Splatoon 2 cause I was poor lol
I legit cant wait to play this every day."	2
Hey ForrestKnight, what would be the best way to explain to a 6 year old the concept of classes and objects?	1
Another knowledge to shared thanks a lot ??	2
Great video of Us Citizenship interview. Thank you so much.	2
The cameramen are legends for doing this. GIVE THEM A RAISE MrBeast, pls. they deserve it.	2
This is brilliantly done - congrats :)	2
Merci pour vos ides c'est vachement cool	2
Poor Viserys. He's a good dude, but he suffers the human flaw that almost everyone suffers: he's adverse to hearing harsh truths about himself. Even from his own brother.	0
Finally got it solved!!! My very first time solving a Rubiks cube. Thank you so much for this video.	2
Alexander siblings are the definition of siblings' goals, and I'm jealous of it	0
just found your channel! excited to find others who make genuine academic college content :)	2
The Market has been pretty bad until today it decided to surge. Everybody was Practically Crying then. It kept dipping. That's what you get when you feel you can navigate the process on your own. Big thank to mrs Josphine leela. I'm not bothered with how bad the Market is because my assests are insured due to her advice and I still receive my profits	1
I feel healthy watching him eat all that stuff.	2
I love the way that Gongsom prepared his own food !! Best asmr ????	2
For me if only with sub i don t speak well english and wonna understand the movie????	0
This is what happens when we continue to neglect the environment when our lakes are drying up. The only way to stop future tragedies like this is to get on top of our climate issues	0
Hes so happy while eating because he can see us suffering in the other side of the screen	2
Thank You for explaining this so clearly and eloquently.	2
Great video as always - although I don't agree with your views on going into debt, I am open to the idea that there are people who know how to use it to increase income.  I also believe that you can generate income without going into debt.	2
billy and katie are getting along with steve	2
"Sword: Have the sword be static on his back or in a side holster, then animating attacks that way. Possibly do both?

Gun: Floating revolver controlled via mouse, shoot with left click and can do a charged shot with right click. Going this route could make the game too easy, though

Sword and Gun: Do a side holster Sword (as mentioned above) and have a revolver (mentioned above) that charges with the damage done to the boss.

Edit: remember I am smooth brained so may not be good ideas :)"	1
great video. as a beginner programmer i agree with most things you say. one unspoken rule of programming is to google *everything* you dont understand. its simply the only way one learns.	2
Cant wait to hear Mark Dice do his voice over on this one. Wow, Stelter-you got a three decade old show canceled. How bad do you have to be? We know, we know. You are a scoundrel and the media is better now that youre gone. He said hes excited to watch CNn and root for them. What a lie!  The fake applause at the end is appropriate of this lousy host.	0
This is the collab we always wanted!!	2
Un propsito lo es todo. Fuiste el hroe que ms perdi en su evolucin. Gracias, Thor. Obtendrs el descanso que mereces.	2
Pragg taking no prisoners	1
This was the first question that I was asked on my first interview, I jotted down what you said and added a few sentences, I got my second interview, I browsed again on your videos to prep and 2 days later I was offered the position! Thank you so much!!!!	2
Hermosa msica como siempre. ??????????.  Saludos a todos???????????????? los que estn y pasan por aqu para escuchar arte ??????????	2
"I'm so excited to see something like this in my future. I'm a college freshman in CS with an emphasis on AI/ML and Data Science. I can't wait to hopefully have a nice life like this. I do know that you can't see everything through the lens of a camera so I'll be sure to not let this dilute the difficulties you've been through to get to where you are today!

Edit : First year of college is over! Time to hone up on new skills and do my best to get past stage two of internship interviews! :) Though I am a freshman, not impossible, but most have been nos. Always next year!"	2
Your manner of  teaching grabbed my attention immediately . You are like a breath of fresh air for me!	2
Me to??	2
"This is one of the best chess games I have ever watched. The other one was here too; in the same park.

Fun, friendly, relaxed, and brilliant.

Thanks Anna. You are a real champion."	2
This Bill does the exact opposite of what is called, thanks to sleepy Joe's policies we have x2 gas and grocery prices, your 9.6% inflation and drop in annual real wages. My condolences to anyone like myself retiring this year. 30years of nonstop work just to have a crooked system swallow all your earnings.	0
I love this new song! This combination of modern and symphonic elements fit together very well, in addition to these acoustic sections that give variety to the music. Now I'm curious about this different instrument used in the song. Which will be?	2
My mortgage just announced it identifies as a student loan.	1
"This was one of the best ""cool tech"" episodes in a while, wow... That pocket operator was awesome and I don't even make music"	2
I'm amazed how the people behind this channel make such attractive fun animation while turning what could've been hours of lectures and studying into a 5-10 minute video	2
Loved the first two and looking forward to the third. A nice alternative to the FPS shooters out there.	2
Ewic Mukbang promoting small businesses ?. Napa subscribe ulit ako sainyo kuya Ewic :) Legit na masarap lugaw sa pinuntahan nyo na Edi Wow Lugaw sa Quiapo.. Wag nyo lang po pabayaan health nyo. God bless! :)	2
I've been doing thermodynamics in some way, shape or form for three years now and this has been by far the best presentation for these concepts that I've come across. Thanks Dr. Shini.?Lecturers could literally spend two days explaining what she did in ten minutes in class. You guys are awesome.	2
This is one of the most interesting documentaries I have ever viewed; also one the most frightening.  I like the explanations of the past extinctions & when, not all the facts are not in, it is really made clear with some educated guesses.	2
That's a beautifull story bro! Congrats!!	2
44:00 props to Shaan for being honest about his lack of game.. most people would try to embellish their pick up skills	1
"I always tend to make my main characters cute and small. It makes it easier for the players to get attached to them, so as far as audience feedback goes, at least one dude likes the new design.

As for animations with floating hands, most of my characters have floating hands like yours, but mainly use ranged weapons. Limited pixel count makes melee combat hard to pull off, so don't be too hard on yourself if you have a hard time making it. If you're not too attached to the melee combat, why not focus on ranged instead? Kinda like cuphead focuses on ranged and has melee on the side."	2
As a woman, I loved this lol.	2
Ich bin so froh auf diesen Video du bist einfach so cool ?? und du machst die besten Videos	2
The feature I love most about education edition is the chalkboards. They are so much easier to type on, give you more room to type, and you can go back and edit them.	2
Hey Marques! I know these sound insignificant, but since you rarely update your little dongles/accessories that you carry around and your apps on your home screens, I think it would be interesting to get a little maybe quarterly series where you talk about any changes and what you'd like to see changed/simplified with those work flows. Just an idea!	2
Best group of hosts ever. Makes it a delight every time and Howell is outstanding.	2
The best parenting talk I've heard about parenting and the vital importance of having kids to do chores!	2
4:03 no problem my guy, what's important is how you teach, fantastic work, I really loved it how you explained every single detail. Keep up the great job	2
My favorite part is when she uploaded. She always makes my day like the thousands of others here too :)	2
"GMA NEWS Subscribe 
  DZBB"	1
Midnight fight express is looking so fun to play. ??	2
Imagine all this history, and the final chapter is Charlie beating XQC in 6 moves	1
Get the notes and code for this course here: https://github.com/craigsdennis/intro-to-apis-course/blob/master/course-notes.md	1
I respect to everyone who were involved in this, Seriously the best piece that I' ve ever seen on YouTube, HATS OFF TO WELL ALL ! LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!! ????....	2
You sir, just hit nostalgia heaven for me.	2
"Great video. I'm a data analyst and just accepted an offer for data scientist position, so I have some ideas on the markets for both jobs.

In my opinion, the window for people with no previous data experience and no degree in an analytical subject getting a job as a data scientist has almost completely closed. Those folks oftentimes won't even get past the HR screener.

There's so many new data science and analytics Master's programs that have opened up, along with the wide variety of analytical degrees that are acceptable (statistics, computer science, economics, physics, etc) that someone without an analytical degree and without any job experience as a data analyst or other data professional is just never going to get an interview. Even if you have a great portfolio, the HR screen is not even going to look at it.

However, if you have experience as a data analyst and pick up one of these new data science or analytics master's degrees the job market becomes super easy."	2
"Michelle: ""It's a privilege to fly with Maverick.""
Ellie: ""Tell that to his dad...""
Legit spat tea & choked at that one...????????
Re Mav's F-18 being unable to fly again after his 'demo', pulling Gs damages the structure of aircraft. Too many Gs will break the airframe immediately, but even pulling less than that limit will still do damage: microscopic cracks that build up over time, invisibly weaking the airframe until it breaks, sometimes during normal non-extreme flying. To combat this, all aircraft have a rated 'G-life', that is the maximum cumulative number of Gs they can pull in their lives before they're retired as a precautionary measure. Mav's extreme maneuvers during the demo may not have broken his F-18 immediately, but they may have used up so much of it's G-life that it's effectively scrap anyway."	0
Ethan has had the biggest fall Ive seen in recent years. Such a shame the dude just sits on his ass all days and hates on other people	0
Babe quick MilkManSteve just uploaded.	1
"*41:11*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
Amazing Nick, best analysis on YouTube. Keep up the good work ??	2
that desk wouldve taken me at least 3 days to draw	0
What I love about the Xenoblade series is their integration of their battle mechanics and story line. It hits different.	2
Born and raised in SC. Never had a low country boil. I thought it'd be shrimp and grits. It doesn't look bad, but probably something you'd find more on the coast (specifically Charleston) than inner state. And I've noticed NC is more known for their vinegar based sauce?? than their tomato based (used to work for a BBQ restaurant, so that's just my experience from out-of-towners).	1
Zaltan doing Martial Arts in football match and Ronaldo  jumps more than an average NBA player	1
"Thanks for the heads up about Grover. I'm a tech reviewer and had never heard of it. Could be a really nice way for me to get my hands on some items to review.

Very appreciated."	2
Hey Ryder as a cuber with a sub 30 average just I recommend smooth and consistent movements to speed up. However youre doing amazing. You will get 1 minute in no minute and you are so fast for not much practice. Keep working buddy.	2
Merrick Garland aint resigning Scott, think again.	1
When I was a kid, I discovered that you could stand up a straw in a glass of soda pop and miraculously, soda would come out of the top of the straw slowly like a tiny fountain. Back in those says, the straws were all paper. You have shown me the answer to this phenomena and I thank you.	2
These guys should play at the opening ceremony of the Tokyo Olympics!	2
This will be useful for future	2
I need his enthusiasm for my studies!!!! His passion for Medical Science is contagious and so his happiness while explaining concepts. How even the most complex of topics start appearing lucid. Such a kind soul... I owe him so much !!	2
Hi! I just finished this course, and I have to say, this was the clearest explanation of python I've ever come across! I've been having so much fun playing around with python, and I just wanted to thank freeCodeCamp and Mike at Giraffe Academy for this video.	2
I love how Chris genuinely tries to help Chandler to get the correct answer	2
Way of exlaination is superb	2
I'm glad I found this movie because it shows what we can do when we stand together as a people.	2
When you're Chris Brown and you don't have to collab for a rap part.	1
Im really excited for the September direct	2
This was a very solid Gamescom, especially loved the bit of trolling we got from Kojima. Seems like this event just keeps getting better every year	2
About to take the plunge into FBA, and these videos have helped tremendously. Wishing everyone here the best of luck!	2
Se o Lopes t dizendo que  o mais rpido ent?o , O BRAABO!??????	2
Success seems to be connected with action . successful people keep moving . They make mistake ,but they don't quit .The stock market has plenty of opportunities to earn a decent payouts, with the right skills and proper understanding of how the market works.	2
Thank you for making Literature Reviews so much less daunting! I have roughly 24 hours to complete a 1,500-word literature review and I have been feeling so down, staring at my blank word document, having no idea where to start. As a first-year, mature aged student who hasn't done any sort of higher education for the past 10 years, I can't tell you how helpful this has been.  I finally feel as though I MIGHT be able to finish it by the deadline! And then start on another 2,300-word Literature Review due roughly a week later ??	2
Great interview Sbu! ?? The name of the Rwandan refugee friend she is talking about is Pie-Pacifique Kabalira. Look him up, his story is so  inspirational.	2
I greet you from Iran..your teachings are very useful...thank you so much.	2
For the first glitch, there is an easier way, put any leaves on jungle leaves and then just look through the top leaves	1
The trouble with the holographic notion is POV (point of view) on the one hand and photon density on the other,  then if we had three or more hands all of the substance that cant be projected and of course light speed. Having said that, I do agree that all of the forces are actually expressions of the same phenomenon, that being the interaction of matter energy with the Higgs Field at the plank scale. To my thinking this interaction elevates the energy level of the field proportional to the interacting mass and this is gravity the energy level of which creates the effect of the curvature of space. So that is another effect that cannot be projected as a hologram.	1
Words are not enough to appreciate what you present in your channel, I do believe you are number one in programming.	2
Im bricked thinking about this team in the CDL. Jeezus	0
If people want to worship one mans words and previous actions to the point where they buy a stock on command at an elevated price.  Then its their own damn fault	0
You know its gaming when MKBHD uploaded 60fps vid.	1
"Level 1 Child 00:38
Level 2 Teen 03:28
Level 3 College Student 06:12
Level 4 Grad Student 11:56
Level 5 Expert 17:06"	1
I can see how much respect the Prime Minister has for the Fjb administration. He's right! This is madness!	1
This man makes me laugh in every video he makes	2
"This was such a great refresher course. Everything I needed to recollect and on point. Great job and thank you!

5"	2
"23:23   _Hermosa eleccin_ 18kissx.Uno
_los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer_ 

10:10 Hopi:
-Sweeter-
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 aqpt Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
-ma?as no se la- 

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genia"	1
It's great video ???? I want 2 part, please ??	2
I am only 2 hours in but I LOVE the way you demystify what I once thought was so out of my league/ability and perhaps interest as well.  Thank you so much!!!	2
and There are still people that dare to say 'modern dinosaurs are boring' - just take a look at this absolute Unit!	0
The Magnificent Seven, over time, has come to describe the lead actors more than the movie. And the most  magnificent of the seven ... Yul Brynner. Impossible to match him.	2
I'm honestly impressed by the time and effort you put into these videos, Keep it up!	2
2.11 headboard lamps, 10.05 wall hooks, 14.22 bed tray, 16.11 Holder 4 charging station,	1
"I honestly think Marques should start a gaming channel, only so we can appreciate him ""enjoying"" his tech in the way most people will do. Being very analytical and knowledgeable about tech is a great benefit to those who come to this channel, but there is a slight otherworldliness to seeing some talk about tech in a matter of fact way and not seeing them actually use it in a real world environment and showing that they actually enjoy the thing they are criticising...which to be fair no one with sense would think he doesn't enjoy his tech but seeing it would be a great addition."	2
#AskGCNTech As a heavier rider, I feel Im always in the max range of gears, either hardest gear on flatsh roads or my easiest gear when I see any sustained gradients. I currently run a compact chain set with a 12-30 cassette on the rear. Would I benefit from upping my chain set to give me more usable gears or would this just make my climbing problem even worse due to the worse range at the rear	0
Beware of scammers in the comment section impersonating me! I will never solicit you for money or ask you to join some sketchy crypto scheme. I will NEVER randomly give you my phone number, scammers are everywhere :)	0
You're literally carrying me through my electrical engineering degree right now. THANK YOU!!!!!	2
I just happened to stumble upon this interview. Emma is beyond well spoken. She is highly intelligent, sweet and real. I look up to her so much. I'll always be a huge fan!	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin  18kissx.Uno
-los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer-  
2 ( elecciones ) 9.5/10 3 ( culturales ) 9.3/
????????
10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy :
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la lbie
15:15
Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial "	1
"Kevin: I will give you 400k for 15%
Barbara: I will give you 400k for 10%
Kevin: that is so greedy"	0
I like Jermell Charlo , I've  met him more than a couple of times and he's a cool guy but Castano won that fight IMO.	2
"Thanks to CuriosityStream for sponsoring this video! If you want to watch their content and support the channel while doing so, go to https://curiositystream.com/reducible and use code ""reducible"" to get access for $14.99/year."	2
The best SAT cram tip is to not cram the night before. Get some rest and relax when you get to the testing site. Dont let anxiety work you up too much.	1
"*2 more facts about the Platypuses:*
? _They used to be giants:_ The ancient versions of a lot of modern animals, including?penguins, were oversized monsters compared to the animals we know todayand platypuses are no different. In 2013, the discovery of a single tooth helped?researchers identify?a prehistoric platypus that was more than three feet longdouble the size of the modern animal.

? _They lack a stomach:_ Platypuses (platypodes?and?platypi?are technically also correct, but much rarer in use) aren't the only animals to forgo an acid-producing part of the gut; spiny echidnas, and nearly a quarter of living fishes all have a?gullet?that connects directly to their intestines.

Good day!"	1
Every time Gongsam uploads a new video, you know that it's going to be delicious <3	2
Nothing hurts more than being on the last step and then messing up the algorithm	0
I offer my prayers and condolences to every child whose parents showed them this.	0
This was so entertaining, I had no idea the person behind Dyson was a true, genuine and passionate inventor. And to see him speak so nicely about independent designers and the unfair problems they face was amazing!	2
Glad to see updates that protect other people against hackers. ?????	2
6:31 Chana is a smaller variety of chickpea, whereas dal/daal is called lentils in English. That aside, great video, and I really love Nikhil's sense of humour and style of presentation!	2
I've heard a good way to keep berries from sinking is to coat lightly in flour before adding them into the batter.	2
Wonderful as always man ?	2
*This is why we ?? Marvel*	2
Any entertainment channel you watch will never tell you any of the real bad stuff they are doing. They will give you some small nuggets of truth but never tell you what's really going on	0
I liked how they showed gameplay for all their games they showcased. Gives us an idea of what to expect.	2
This man made more sense in 20 minutes than a whole 'committee' in years and years of 'planning' and 'execution'.	2
I love Physics. I can't express it in words.	2
Liat Trailer nya aja udah excited bnget pengen cepet liat film nya ?? apalagi ada Gorr The God Butcher.. ????	2
That's awesome. Looks like it was a long journey but you've learned a lot! I'm currently on about my 15th overly-ambitious, doomed project but I hope I can finish something decent soon.	2
great... as always your videos are crazy!!!  you're great...keep it up MrBeast	2
"I found a really fancy simple and inexpensive chair design. You put down a slab on the ground, a door on the back, trap doors on the sides and of all things a sign post above the slab on the door. Now this works best with two different wood types but it still looks really cool warped for the sign and slab look best for me.

also does anyone else see spiders in the black and red tericota or nemo fish in the blue orange taracota? might be a story telling ability there. might be fun to explore."	2
M?i khi t?i bu?n t?i lu?n nghe nh?ng bi t?m tr?ng...^^	1
Thanks! Great advice! just starting out pursuing a BA CS after being out of school for 20 years!  I have been having a similar dilemma, I originally signed up for software development, but my counselor said I should do CS since I said I want the ability to be hands on, on top of developing.  Not sure if I am thinking too big....... but thanks great video!	2
??????? ?????? ???? ?? ???? ???? ? ???????????	2
I am so hyped MI7, John wick 4, Spiderman across the spider-verse and avatar WOTW	2
*Lets just take a moment to appreciate how much effort he puts into making us want to jump off a cliff*????	2
"""Just because I have it doesn't mean it's true!"" Has to be the greatest line ever said"	2
i love how jimmy said hydrolic with the letter o but chris didn't catch on and give him a nugget	2
Seeing the reveal for the 2 Avengers movies sent chills down my spine! I'm absolutely stunned at what all is coming in these next 2 phases	2
...the vibes?????	1
"Here are my predictions 

1. Something small related to their services (probably something related to Apple TV +

2. Watches: SE,then regular, after that pro

3. IPhones: regulars then pros"	1
Do you want to learn technology from me? Check https://codebasics.io/ for my affordable video courses.	1
that tactical one just hits home man like its crazy	1
How do you get your product (from shop or website or wherever) to Amazon?	1
Honestly if this man does a weight-loss journey he will be an inspiration.	2
How to solve a Rubiks cube in no time: *Leave it how it was bought*	1
"Its Not Only Track
Its Our Heart Beat ??"	2
It's amazing when you think about it, a pastime game turned into something fun like this with just changing the views. Incredible!	2
Proud of you Bestie!	2
This is helpful. thankyou for this content. You are awesome!	2
"this is hilarious. i was in a focus group over 4 years ago for Best Buy where they were asking college students how to advertise for Back to School. One of the kids next to me said ""Maybe you should have someone like MKBHD talk about your products"". Well... here we are"	1
Thank u this helped me focus studying for biology <3	2
<Always good to hear your thoughtful and logical analysis. I dont care about bullish or bearish market. trade a small percentage or your partfolio rather than market??trading went smooth for me as I was able to raise over 9.4 BTC when I started at 1.8 BTC in just few weeks implementing Brain Scott the legitimate and trusted daily trading signal and tips..	2
Thanks bro I learned from u	2
Man, I'm honestly scared of what these giant companies are capable of.	0
She did a sketch video a while back, and I absolutely enjoyed it! I was waiting for another one! Thank you!	2
Today wasnt a good day for me mentally! I came here to find a way to heal and to smile. Reading the comments have helped me a lot. I love the positivity and the community here.  - Thank you ????	2
Guys, at least let us make this one a massive hit....	1
His views on racism and bigotry were honestly fascinating, i would really love to look at this guys memories and see how exactly he developed these opinions and what paths his life took	2
6:47 Lets fight crime by prosecuting whiny Orange politicians who got taped asking the attorney general in the state of Georgia to find them 11780 votes!	0
2:12:19 so far and cannot imagine how much effort these guys have put to make this. This is really a beautiful attempt. This is great. Thank you, FCC.	2
You are the reason why I started programming. I'll never forget the things you've done to help me.	2
LOL I respect Alex for knowing that if you get  bullied the best thing to do is go along with it	2
The side dish is called smoked shotgun shells. It's been super popular for the last couple of years on a lot of BBQ channels and at BBQ competitions.	2
Worked so well! Thanks or the tutorial!	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin LIKEXXX.Uno
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:21 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la tqzl

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ''oh, esto es hermoso'' a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial."	1
"Its heartbreaking how sad Strange is, when he says: ""Everyone who knows and loves you..... we.... we will have no memory of you"""	0
I would love to see these bills live. I live in a country where we had one company try and rule the internet, charging outrageous prices for it. They had specifically bought the copper network to do it. The government of NZ denied that as a defense as they were monopolising it, and forced them to open up. Suddenly it turned out it DIDN'T cost $300 to connect to unlimited internet, you could get that for $80!	1
Chernobog is best paired with a friendly jet. The combo absolutely dominates sky combat.	2
Ned Stark would have never ever sent one of his daughters to do foolishness like that And it makes me miss him yet again	0
He's gonna have a lot of stories to tell his grandkids.	1
Midnight Fight Express ????	1
Successful people don't become that way overnight. What most people see at a glance-wealth, a great career, purpose-is the result of hard work and hustle over time. I pray that anyone who reads this will be successful in life..	2
"""this doesn't have ray tracing or anything like that, but the realism from the sun on the screen from my blinds . . . . . Priceless"""	2
I love how I wanna talk about crypto is the only line about crypto in the entire song called crypto ??	2
      ??	1
FREE SHIPPING https://www.subtrist.com use code FREE @ checkout	1
"Hey nick, good video. I've been a software Dev for a while and I got to say, your vlog just confirmed that university hasn't changed since I was there. It's really nice to see the perspective of a student/junior Dev, helps keep me up to date on how you guys feel/learn/think when I see you for an internship or your first job, so don't give up on YouTube man, it's way more useful than you might think. Good job

While I'm at it, feel free to reach out if you ever want a second opinion on some of your code,, it will be my pleasure."	2
"My prediction for that event will be 
They will start off with the the new Software and the new chip 
Then move on to the Apple watches 
And after they last thing will be all about the iPhone and of course the iPhone 14 pro and pro max. With all the new functions. 
Well thats my predictions. Hope to with that iPhone but still best of luck to every one ????"	2
I've seen a dragon fly with 6 wings once. I was floating down a river and it was flying near me and then landed on me for a short time. All of the wings worked. A cool mutation, I wonder how rare it is. Wish I had a camera with me	2
This was the perfect playlist for a rainy afternoon, alongside a book and a cup of tea virtualhug	2
"- ??? ???? ????? ????? ????????,????

- ?? ?????? ???? ?????? ?????? ????????!????"	1
This is a good coach. He's clearly a floor general and knows how to drive results. This is the guy you want you to lead your team, especially if they have been so ill-disciplined like United has for the last few years. If this was basketball, he is the type of point guard you want. He's got excellent standards and definitely the mindset of a champion.	2
The genius of Marks videos is his ability to take deep dives into countries and truly convey his experience.  After seeing James Blick here I got hooked on his Vlog just like I how I found Joels and JLJs vlog.  Dont change anything Mark.  Dont go cable, network or public televisionjust keep doing what you do!	2
Nossa da tanta vontade de comer pq parece delicioso ?? mais assistir tbm e muito bom	2
Where is that U. S. Pizza? Please give address, love from Ahmedabad. ????	2
This song feels like falling into best-friendship with someone, like not a romantic love but someone you're close to platonically and have grown close to and realizing you never want to leave	2
Glad to have been a part of it!	2
Alexander died because of back injury. He carried his team so much	0
"when I was a kid in kindergarten we did an experiment with that old fake 'five flavors' taste zones thing and I never got it. I could always taste everything on every part of my tongue.
I felt vindicated like two decades later when it came out that that was horsecrap but I can't exactly go rub it in my kindergarten teacher's face can I"	0
I want to be able to cook like you one day!! ?? everything always looks so delicious ??	2
"Time Stamps 
0:00 intro 
1:41 tactical 
3:16 obama 
3:44 echo 
4:04 coffee 
6:52 popsicle 
7:47 bagel 
8:18 bagel again 
8:40 sonic 
12:05 purple 
15:22 cupcake 
16:44 chocolate 
17:04 coconut 
19:13 outro"	1
"""I get ""knowing is half the battle"", but the other half is extreme violence""

??????"	0
These videos have truly saved my exam period, thank you sm	2
Me alegra ver que la gente es feliz comiendo ??	2
Among a short list, watch you every day bro. Keep up the great work!!	2
Im having SAT today, and its 4:58am right now I am so excited yet nervous ??	2
"???? ????? ????? ?? ??? ??? ???????? ????? ????? ???????? ??? 
????? ?? ???????? ????? ?????? ?? ??? ?????? ??? ????? ?????? ?????"	1
The Future of Tech is looking more and more Amazing	2
"On a busy day..this video was good.Av.????
??????"	2
At it again with the best content lol thank you for the laughs	2
Az komoly testverem! Megint egy brutalisan jo video, amit amulattal neztem. Nemsoka itt a 100. resz! Igy tovabb..???	2
As always superb!!!	2
Even if this was made like 5 or 4 years ago its so good	2
lichess does not care, it is non-profit open source. Its developer made lichess as part time job and lichess updates are made by him and some more developers in their free time.	1
Worth every minute I listened. I am not either a scientist or a researcher. I am just the average Joanne who is so grateful that there are enquiring minds always striving to know more	2
31:12 I'VE BEEN CRYING ON THE FLOOR BECAUSE OF HOW FUNYN THIS IS	2
Thank you so much gor wonderfull game	2
"Hi! Which one would you recommend me?
- Lenovo Ideapad Gaming 3i 7th Gen (2022 model) with Intel i5 12500H + RTX 3050 + 512 GB SSD M.2 2242 PCIe 4thGen (the case of this one is like the Legion)
- Lenovo Ideapad Gaming 3 6th Gen (2021 model) with Ryzen 5 5600H + RTX 3050 ti + 512 GB SSD M.2 2242 PCIe 3thGen
Both with 8Gb RAM"	1
"You dont miss the old Roblox, you miss being happy. 
                              -Flamingo"	1
so much practice and talent	2
So lovely  love to see the next one	2
Im glad that yall were mature about this, a lot of people wouldve not handled it that way	2
I left CB for finex a long time ago, and now I feel even more right about that decision	2
Netflix in a lot of trouble now especially as more market competition comes in from other distributors. This move into gaming will not do them any favours.	0
The closest I got to college was watching the professor on Gilligan's Island. That must put me a few points ahead.	2
What should we do next ??	1
The body language experts are going to have fun with this!	2
15 tries, 3 meltdowns, and 1 cry of happiness later, I have officially solved my first Rubik's Cube!	2
Who's afraid of heights? Thank you guys for watching, and don't forget to hit the thumbs up button and subscribe!	2
Great job Krish, although I missed the live session because I didn't factor in very well the time zone. You make learning really interesting ??. Thanks again and again	2
I was 5 years old in 1980, and I soo appreciate this playlist. Gives me goose bumps and I reminice on these great childhood years everytime I hear music from the 80's. GREAT JOB!	2
His ledger also notes that his real treasure lay in a location known only to him and the devil.	1
My favorite part of this tv (42'' is basically tv size) is the custom heatsink. I don't care too much about the size of the back of the monitor as long as it doesn't dim the brightness constantly.	2
I remember when Sidney Powell said 'there were so many votes for Trump, it broke the algorithm.' I felt my IQ drop when she said that. I suspect several people developed actual brain cancer as a result.	0
Wow. Tomorrow is my test and I have been studying all summer. This video was more helpful than all my summer studying combined (I took a SAT prep course at my school also). I mean it. Thank you!	2
I'm giving the SAT on the Oct 1, I loved this video, gonna implement that into my schedule and I shall update this comment when I get my score :)	2
"This man, Crenshaw, probably had access to this type of material when he was a SEAL on active duty, knows the gravity
these documents held.  for him to stand-up and defend someone who violated the protocol associated with these
materials is an insult to the men and women who secure these documents and keep us safe."	0
My respect to magicians even more bcs even if I know the way the tricks are done when they do it so smoothly and beautiful it's pleasure to watch them	2
So pretty??	2
mark saying SOUUPEEER CUUBEES makes me laugh every time.	2
When Grey was talking about the warehouses and slaughterhouses, all I could do was think of Star Wars: the bots are basically equivalent to clones on Kamino. I would say the bots are less sentient, but the way Grey has depicted them makes that less certain and the comparison all the stronger.	0
Congratulations your effort and teaching methods are memorable good. God bless you	2
Seems like a pretty large scope to launch this December.	2
"Scenario 1: Facebook recognizes your friend in a picture from an album of tagged photographs
Explanation: It is supervised learning. Here Facebook is using tagged photos to recognize the person. Therefore, the tagged photos become the labels of the pictures and we know that when the machine is learning from labeled data, it is supervised learning.


Scenario 2: Recommending new songs based on someones past music choices
Explanation: It is supervised learning. The model is training a classifier on pre-existing labels (genres of songs).
This is what Netflix, Pandora, and Spotify do all the time, they collect the songs/movies that you like already, evaluate the features based on your likes/dislikes and then recommend new movies/songs based on similar features.


Scenario 3: Analyze bank data for suspicious-looking transactions and flag the fraud transactions
Explanation: It is unsupervised learning. In this case, the suspicious transactions are not defined, hence there are no labels of ""fraud"" and ""not fraud"". The model tries to identify outliers by looking at anomalous transactions and flags them as 'fraud'."	1
"Me, an IT student watching this:

Ah yes, arrays"	1
Great song, great singer and great band. Thank you for the upload ?????	2
Question is, why would someone want to hide their rubiks cube that desperately?	0
Seriously thank you. I particularly am sad that I never pursuid physics in my higher education as these are the subjects that bring colour to my life. I think it might not be praised enough that we still get to learn about these amazing ideas, even more so from the most incredible field experts, for free from anywhere in the world. I would like to take these few minutes to show my gratitude towards these actions and to professor Brian Greene! Thank you all for your contributions looking for answers (or more questions) and communicating us the findings, forever grateful.	2
The creator of Monopoly would be speechless about this one.	0
we need to appreciate nikkie more??. shes so unproblematic. especially with everything that goes on in the beauty community shes just doing her own thing ??	2
i had the same idea using a skulk sensor for a secret base entrance.  i used it at a mountain and put it at a spot where you can get to the door in time but the pistons dont activate it.  nice job with yours	1
No.. foodie beauty is a horrible human.	0
"Ich privat finde dieses Gewese um die Spiele auch manchmal hart ermdend: Da wird kein Spiel vorgestellt, sondern das Team das dann 5 Minuten mit Buzzw?rtern um sich wirft ""New Expierence"" ""New Lifestyle"" und ""Exciting World"" und man sieht dann gefhlt 20 Sekunden den Teaser zum Spiel. 
Wenn die nix zu zeigen haben sollten sie es einfach lassen, kann alle auf dem Sofa verstehen"	1
Heartwarming to read the comments and see that the public is not buying the BS.	0
Socks never fails to make me laugh	2
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
Ah yes the invisible physgun technique, used to do the same stuff back in 2014, much fun ??	2
I did better on the SAT I didnt study for??	2
The rich stays rich by spending like the poor and investing without stopping then the poor stays poor by spending like the rich yet not investiing like the rich	1
Gonna say it, this guy is living his life to its fullest.	2
Im surpised they actually got the greek definition right. Instead of christ. Or cristos. But then 10 seconds later they get it wrong about the devils son.. its the devil defacto.	0
"""I can see how this would be a Western option; nice, bland, easy on the palate."" Broooo... LOL
""If you flavor something we are buying at a restaurant with salt & pepper, we call that a rip off..
It needs at least 10 spices.."" LMAOOOO
I feel that though. ????????"	1
Been looking forward for this interview. Sleazy that guy????	2
You are making me want to go to South Korea more, now, Mike! If even supermarket food is that good over there, how can I resist?	2
This man inspired me to work hard on art and I achieved it	2
Your videos will teach learners the day before their test for years to come. Thank you.	2
"As someone with thin hair, I can say that this is an accurate experience :D

But it also feels like being an ethereal nymph with fog hair which is nice :)"	2
Her immediately saying I know thats right ?????? love her!	2
One very nutritious food with one very beautiful scenery. You can't miss that beautiful scenery in the background.	2
Bullet chess took on a whole new meaning ??	1
"10:22 lmao the computer couldn't understand the ""king's sacrifice"" move that GM Vidit Gujrathi made against Hikaru and self-destruct"	0
I come from a radio/voiceover background. Her voice matches exactly how she looks, absolutely adorable. I find her style of delivery to be quite soothing. She should do voiceovers for makeup commercials. I could listen to her all day.	2
Super helpful! I loved the way you presented the information, it kept me interested the whole way through. :)	2
Its gets no better. Rotimi is definitely slept on.	1
"Msica de qualidade e atemporal, mel para os meus ouvidos.
Thank you."	1
*Amazing  and  fun  compilations  of  music  love  it  ??*	2
I like listening to smart people talking about stuff they know alot about	2
7:59 ??????  -   !  !	1
"hyper relaxant mme sans le casque.rien qu'au dbut.

incroyable bg et gg pour les 10k!!!"	1
It< makes sense,  BTC and crypto is off helping to regulate, rather than pretend it won't ever happen.  The big institutions getting in is the catalyst that will launch us into the stratosphere.  Most people don't like change but after the change is made they grow used to it and it becomes a non issue usually because their fears never materialize.   The projects that initiated the process of regulation have not been ruined, they got involved in setting guidelines and helping the regulators understand the crypto space. Id get involved more knowing that I have made over 7 btc and 15ETH from day-trade with Leroy Davids Crypto in few weeks	1
"When End Game was on the horizon, I remember being legitimately scared that the writers would make Captain Marvel kill Thanos and single handedly stop his army. So thankful they still knew how to write satisfying character arcs for the finale of my favorite franchise. The MCU ended with Endgame and everything since has just been put on the sacrificial alter of Phase 4 feminism.

Though Spider Man NWH was just a one-off great movie for me since Tobeys spidey was the first movie I remember seeing in theaters."	2
Vijay sir is gem ?? and true legend ?? Bollywood can't match it even hritik can't	2
So great to see Leonard Susskind on air! This is how physics should be presented - no egos, no showboating, just great minds discussing complex concepts that us mere mortals can begin to understand.	2
Vielen Dank, dass ihr euch die Mhe gemacht und die einzelnen Kapitel erstellt habt ??	2
Cest incroyable de faire des vidos dune qualit folle tous les jours !merci  toi de mendormir tous les soirs! Bonne nuit  tous??	0
"Does he pick them up when hes done?
Thata actually a pretty good question"	2
Yayyyy!!! ITS FINALLY HERE!!	2
There's also been cases where someone follows their GPS into flooded underpasses and drowned. It was night, they were unfamiliar with the area & the water rose really fast. Locals kinda know where to stay clear of when it starts raining hard, but it's hard to navigate at night when visibility is already terrible.	0
Huge props to the set designers, everything was spot on!	2
This gives hope to all malaysian citizens...justice is prevail...	2
I just love how Sonny and Calvin are just having a casual food conversation after the snake went and did its business all over Sonny's shirt	2
Daved , Jovanka , Kaja , Simon you are the best , thank you , you made me love chess ??????????????????????????	2
This is amazing! *I love documentaries and Chess. And they came together on my birthday.* Lucky me ????????	2
Keith was so patient though he is a good teacher I feel bad	1
I'm from MD and can confirm our love of blue crabs, albeit most people I know would rather get a dozen steamed crabs and pick it themselves than get a crabcake just because picking crabs on the bay is a fun nostalgic activity.  I suppose crab cakes are usually preferred by tourists/people who want to stay clean/'civilized' meals haha. Seriously though, if you come to MD in the summer, go to Cantlers or Mike's crab house near the bay bridge, you wont be dissapointed	2
My Macbook Pro literally died last night so I'd say I'm safe...	0
Can we all agree these videos are never disappointing ??	2
Esse jogo e de PS4 ou n?o	1
This episode has me cracking up hard! Love the rabbit hole that Nick has gone down with the keyboard mods. Respect.	2
??? ?????? ?? ??? ????? ????? ???? ?????	1
Bihar ko barbad karega nitish.	1
"Software has exploits all the time. Apple just usually doesn't announce it. 

Does this mean Apple fans are going to stop talking about how the IPhone has never had a single bug or a single security exploit in its entire history? No."	1
If you read Barbara Walter's How Civil Wars Start you would know that there are two issues that lead to violence - anocracy and factionalization. Democracies don't fight, nor do authoritarian states, it's the transition from one system to the other where the hazards are found - that's anoncracy. Factions in the book means when people sort themselves by ethnic or sectarian attributes, rather than policy preferences, and this sorting creeps into their entire lives. We've been on that course since the Tea Party started. The only cure is doubling down on democratic participation. The GOP is pointedly NOT doing that anywhere they've got their hands on the controls. We are being steered right for the ditch, so I'm glad at least one in five of us say that's the #1 problem we face.	0
This tutorial is AMAZING! I was a bit confused at the end when finishing off, but I eventually solved it hours later. I can't believe it only took 2 days for me to solve! That's really amazing for a beginner. I really expected it to take WEEKS, but it was only 2 days!	2
"Ok 1) Phil is right as far a exclusives go. Because they are also on pc. So there will be no exclusives. 
2) multiple devices references pc, tv, phone, console. So no they DON'T NEED SONY'S CONSOLE FOR SALES"	1
When I read 'Crime and Punishment' I got so wrapped into it I called in sick at work to stay home and finish the book.	2
I just started my literature review from today and I was in hyper panic mode until I heard from you -it's just simple and not to panic, made me calm down. Thank you.	2
2 :32 what is even more amazing is that he used the support of his opponents shoulder to facilitate his own rotation in mid-air. I didnt see it the first time either??	2
Cooking sim was bugged to hell for me. Two point campus was quite fun ??	2
"Glazers will not sell until the value of the brand Manchester United depreciates. From a financial point, Uniteds brand value is far superior compared to others. United can easily fetch 7 billion if put up for a sale. So unless, the brand value is affected, things wont change. 

Glazers have proved that brand value is not affected by on field performances. The occasional noise and drama associated with United will be enough to keep it rolling."	1
Nick is in the prime position to have a body transformation and become a legend on the internet.	2
Amazing how much history and experience goes into what looks like a relatively simple game. You make it look so easy, but its so much more than meets the eye	2
Thank goodness. Even though I'm not an iPhone user, seems like when one company does something, others follow and I'm getting tired of them taking features off of phones that are greatly needed to a lot of us. Keep the charging port. We pay too much for phones these days for multiple things to be missing on these devices every few years. Especially when we have to buy everything separately making it even more expensive. It's frustrating.	0
Luke always akes me laugh, even though this should be scary i still laughed. i love his videos	2
It strikes me that -- as a layman -- typically in physics there's only one or two right answers about how a system can evolve. Seeing as this is something of an epistemological framework (I like epistemology and they're important for getting new perspectives), and there's a functionally infinite expansion of the number of ways a complex system can evolve, I'm struggling to see how we're going to find this needle in a haystack of can's and can't's. That is, without lots and lots of ways to generate new ideas about how the system will evolve and new razors for eliminating impossible actions.	1
Lattes eyes are so kind. Its like shes saying its ok, Im here just by eye contact	2
i don't know if you can call it a genre but this is my absolute favorite style of video. ear-to-ear sounds and up close whispering are just tingle and relaxation heaven for me ??thank you for the wonderful video as always gibi, you spoil us ??	2
Very inspirational...thanks to the  makers of this movie for bringing life with current actors/actresses to an old love story from the bible....well done	2
"I always find it interesting that the statement ""logistic regression is a classification method"" is repeated so often, despite 'regression' being right there in the name.  Like decision trees (CART), random forest and other similar methods, there are both regression and classification versions of the method.  In a binary outcome problem, we model the process as flipping a coin that has a probability p of coming up heads (1) and 1-p of coming up tails (0).  We can either predict p, a continuous value between 0 and 1, or we can predict the outcome, itself, which is in {0,1}.  The former is regression; the latter is classification.  Logistic regression predicts that probability p and logistic classification takes that probability and uses a cutoff (sometimes, but not always, 0.5) to predict the outcome.  Many times, the probability is more important (for example, lots of the same type of customer -> you do not want to assume all of them are 1's, when p is estimated to be 0.6) and sometimes the outcome is more important (for example, making a decision to approve an application for credit.)"	1
To be honest technology has come so far that I can't imagine what an iPhone would look like in 2027! I can't wait for the iPhone 14 series though, love the content! Thanks for all the Apple information, keep up the grind!	2
Aww Ledger on the background jumping so cute ?? I cant wait for Kass to have her baby bump has an addition and you guys are soo lucky the kids going to have the best aunts, uncles and grandparents I also loved watching all your reactions on Kasss channel your such a cute family ?? sending lots of love to your family and I hope Kass doesnt feel sick x	2
would have been nice to see what per student funding was per state as well.  See which states are getting a return for their dollar, or correlation between and funding and results.	1
You both can make it tri anything you guys got this in and mike to the and I love your videos they make my day so amazing and I love your videos because they say noob vs pro and you both are pro's and the noob's are the mods you guys are the best players ever in Minecraft	2
Thank you Mitch McConnell for stifling Obama's appointment of Merritt Garland to the Supreme Court.The force was at work to save him for a better job of a lifetime to rescue this nation from the rabid demagogues set on destroying our country. A deranged unprecedented President calls for legal unprecedented actions.	0
Wow, highlighting the conversation during the fight and after the fight was awesome. Classy for both fighters. Great job Showtime.	2
You can afford anything she says. Reporter asks what if I want a yacht? Then it changes to you can afford anything within reason ?? imagine a counsellor or coach saying Ill help you to achieve your goal, then you pay them for months and they say not THAT goal because thats impossible. We dont set people up to fail by selling promises that sound good.However, good luck to this woman for becoming wealthy and if people choose to buy her services and products, thats their choice.	1
Finland does not have gas storage because it is not dependent on nat gas for energy. In fact, currently Finland does not import any gas from Russia and it is not a problem. The situation in Germany on the other hand is completely different, as there 50% of households warm with Russian gas.	1
"Good to see you back John
my prediction:
1. New subscription service
2. New software update (IOS then IPAD-OS)
3. Airpods Pros 2
4. Apple Watch 8, then rugged/pro edition
5. Iphone 14 regular, then pros"	2
The fact that her life is so relatable to ours makes me want to be influenced by her lmao	2
So now Mr beast is creating job opportunities by making people leave their jobs	0
This helped me realise that I am more interested in building things rather than discovering them. What a great and informative video, thank you Tina!	2
If Gaiman decides to start a YouTube channel to talk about myths and history I would definitely watch that.	2
Mister Mosh, thank you for all of the easy to follow tutorials that you make for us, please keep keep up the good work, i hope you post more courses (preferably in python)  :)	2
Good one ! Thank you !	2
"Anh Lu?n chia s? hay qu. Cm ?n anh. 
C nh?n anh dng T Rex 2 oke ko anh"	1
Hey I have being a fan since you guys started I followed you guys since I was young.keep up the great work ??	2
"You've hit Bull's eye. 
Exactly what one wants when starting with AI or ML or DL."	1
This is how you teach students! awesome explanations. without the explanation of the fundamental terminologies as he is doing here, machine learning becomes boring to learn	0
It's good to see that my prediction, all those months ago of Squirrel Girl being the hard counter to Thanos in this game has come true	2
The dude's nodd when he was told to diversify his bonds is what killed me B	0
"That glass pane-beacon thing was neat, I liked that. Though I find beacon beams kind of unsightly in general. I kind of wish you could have the boosted effect without the beam. I know Vanilla Tweaks has a resource to have them be invisible to me, but that doesn't mean EVERYONE isn't seeming my base just SURROUNDED in beams. Maybe they could make tinted glass function as a ""beam nullifier"" while still maintaining effects? That'd be nice."	2
"Join Sohla El-Waylly as she takes the food you know and love and traces it back to its origins in Ancient Recipes with Sohla:
http://histv.co/ancientrecipes"	1
???? ??? +? ??? ???? ?? ???? ???? ????? ??? ???? ????? ? ?????? ?? ?? ???? ????? ????? ? ??? ??????? ?????????? ????	1
18:37 the amount of times Eric has made this joke and explained that he didn't actually say it just makes it all the more funny haha	2
When I first started watching your videos I never knew you were Dutch, I thought you were American. It amazes how well you speak English with no accent. That is just WOW! I've always wanted to learn Dutch because I think it is a very under rated language that deserves to be more attention in the world!	2
It's getting easier to tell by the look on their faces that they don't believe what they are saying.	0
I'm certainly not a good chess player. I think your narration was perfect. It gave me insights as to what the great players are thinking. It's the best chess video I've seen. Thanx.	2
I started thinking that Moochelle looked like Chase this episode, then Rhett said Chase isn't Moochelle, and then Chase and Moochelle danced together. So I'm glad we put that to rest so efficiently and definitively.	2
The screw up was turning it on without making sure it was 100% dry. There's a possibility it would've worked fine	1
Petition for Joe and I to the next episode lying down on the table ??	1
La escena final del triler me dio un feeling a la escena final del triler de civil war donde aparece spiderman, por la maroma de ambos hroes, sin duda se vienen grandes cosas para daredevil. ??	2
mong anh lm seri b ki?p luy?n r?ng	1
I guess you can't teach self-driving cars using RL in the real world (punishing them if they collide would be a little too late). So I would guess that RL is used only in lab simulations, and then later in the real world, these systems are only performing the task (without actively using RL). Do I get it right?	0
I love this song so much ??	2
"Who is here after learning about his passing? ??

Rest in peace, dear sir. Rest in peace. You've inspired many including myself, and we'll do our best to continue carrying your torch."	2
"??Best Global Bitcoin & Crypto Exchange - Binance ($600 Bonus) https://bit.ly/3RJFAdV
??Best US Bitcoin & Crypto Exchange - Binance US https://bit.ly/3aq6tCz

??Get a Bitcoin Reward Credit Card (1.5% Back in BTC): https://bit.ly/3wRgz55 
??Buy Bitcoin & Crypto with IRA/401k w/ItrustCapital ($100 Bonus) https://bit.ly/3vTebLT

??Safeguard Your Bitcoin and Crypto w/ Ledger Wallet https://bit.ly/3xJdMwL
??Protect Yourself with NordVPN (69% off) https://bit.ly/3zgO2b9

??Buy Crypto Domain Names w/ Unstoppable Domains: https://bit.ly/3inLz8v


??CryptosRus' Best Crypto Exchanges Guide: https://bit.ly/3Gc7dF9/
??CryptosRus' Best Crypto Deals: https://bit.ly/3wUtbeu
??CryptosRus' Crypto Academy: https://bit.ly/3MZj1yZ
??CryptosRus' Merchandise, NFTs and Articles:  https://CryptosRus.com

?Join Patreon for Exclusive Content and Discord Chat: https://bit.ly/3z3It1Y"	1
"Jungkook and Jimin are definitely the ones who push themselves the hardest during performances, they are both the ones I noticed who are getting injured or almost passing out, and its sad because when their own stage they seem so lively and full of energy and then these documentaries come out and you realize when they went back stage they were suffering. 

Jungkook has gotten injured multiple times, he's almost fainted a lot of times there was this one award show they went to and jungkooks hands were literally shaking and he fainted MULTIPLE times or came close to it....

I of course worry about all the members but I always worry the most for Jimin & JK because we KNOW how much they would put a performance and entertaining army above their health sometimes :("	0
"Regarding Cans vs. Bottles: At least in Germany the bottle is more environmentally friendly, since they get used again and again. You bring the empty bottles to the local grocery shop, they then get sent to a cleaning plant, where they pressurewash the bottles inside and out with steaming hot water. Afterwards they get reused for beer. The size and shape of most bottles is according to a standard, so different brewers use the same bottles.

It's far less energy intense than smelting and remanufacturing cans."	1
The people that disliked must have made it to the bed and don't know how it feels to not make it??	0
I'm 54 and my wife and I are VERY worried about our future, gas and food prices rising daily. We have had our savings dwindle with the cost of living into the stratosphere, and we are finding it impossible to replace them. We can get by, but can't seem to get ahead. My condolences to anyone retiring in this crisis, 30 years nonstop just for a crooked system to take all you worked for.	0
When Tati talks I just want to listen, shes so good at explaining and teaching!	2
I really love her skin at the beginning of the video. The eleventeen creams and boat loads of makeup just drowned out her glowing skin.	2
ONE OF THE BEST THING ABOUT DUDE IS THAT HE NEVER TAKES CREDIT FOR HIMSELF WHEN HE ACHIEVED SOMETHING. HE ALWAYS REGULAR US. THE AUDIENCE HIS TEAM, AND HE IS POLITE IN ALL HIS VIDEO. WE CONGRATULATIET OURSELVES ON THIS ACHIEVEMENT. MORE TO COME	2
"human long ago: survival mode
human now: creative mode"	1
Finally a good explanation that doesn't hide confusion behind jargon. Thanks!	2
Wow it soothes my soul	2
POV: You came back to see your childhood ??.                           Anyways I love you Azzy ???? Your the queen ??	2
Maybe it was a bad idea to talk about code for 5 hours & try and condense it into an 8 minute YouTube video.. **Disclaimer** this is not a beginners tutorial and new programmers should not be intimidated. I am simply trying to show how multiple layers of technology integrate with eachother. Each minute of this video can be broken down into months of learning. It's taken me over 2 years of university plus highschool plus personal projects.	1
This is awesome. There's absolutely no way I'm going to watch this right now, but it's great to see this quantity and quality of information posted for public benefit. I'm subscribing and sharing.	2
I suddenly gained immense amount of respect for Dyson after watching this.	2
I wish you guys included the myths and stories of the Indigenous people's of the Western Hemisphere.    They're very interesting  and similarly eerie to some of the stories of Europe	2
"Im 26 and I have one year left in my Data Science curriculum, plus my masters program. Currently learning MySQL and Im trying to learn Python and R on the side. Its really tough since Im in a data structures course using Java, and that takes up a good bit of my time. Hopefully it all works out for the best. 
Also trying to get a good grasp on machine learning and deep learning principles as I go, and making sure Im sharp with my statistics and linear algebra skills."	2
Well done Car magazine. But I will take Porsche. State of art on wheels.	2
"Son unos de los  SEXMAXING.Uno

ma?as no se la
Sun: ""Hotter""
Sugar: ""Sweeter""
Joonie: ""Cooler""
Yoongi: ""Butter""

Bendiciones hermosa Celina que Dios te cuide donde quiera
Son unos de los mejores conciertos
, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente."	1
I'm getting flashbacks to the finger cramps you could get when you sat with a Game Boy for an entire day. But this is amazing.	2
These memes are kind of nostolgic, especially the L3 and R3 one.	1
Subscribe or youll have bad luck	0
That salsa looks bomb. I finally made a good homemade one last week and have eaten it every day since lol	2
Selamat 1 juta subs Mister??	1
Stop Overthinking?? Lofi Hip Hop Mix ~ Rainy Night with Rain Sound	1
Step 0: Just start doing it and don't put it off! Most of this stuff is free, like Unity, Blender, and Audacity. No reason to wait!	2
Thank you for this. I've been searching for this breakdown for a long time. Clear concise and to the point.	2
Animals are way more awesome and sensitive souls, and more intelligent than most people give them credit for. This was amazing!??????	2
Thank you for your great course as always	2
Late in the game?  Joe Bidens only been in office a little over a year and a half.  Late in the game???	0
the fact that he always post videos for us <3	2
something that always seemed better to me about the 360 ??over PS3 was its interface, it was better, more modern and more intuitive	2
Such an hilarious scene, such a great movie Chennai Express. Love your reactions Sureet and Stevie K,  always entertaining. Do reactions to some more scenes from Chennai Express.	2
Love this! Taking mine Aug 29 so definitely came at the right time!	2
1:05:41 so far it's the best and most clearly explained video on data science I've watched so far. Awesome job.	2
Banks hate crypto because people prefer to have USDT in their wallet instead of USD in a bank account	0
I just love it how she eats clean and the sounds oh Im hella hungry rn I wish I could grab the food through the screen!!!!???	2
I love watching these normal things being turned into cool hidden forts ! Keep up the great work! MUST HAVE SNACKS	2
"""stalemate is a thing that rarely happens""
Me in every game I play: oh boy how wrong you are"	0
I ate here as a kid before, during, and after the filming of this episode. My dad is vegan so we went here often. The food was always great and the son was who my family usually interacted with, he was always super nice. You could imagine my surprise when I got older and saw this episode lol. I never saw Gordon Ramsay but I saw the son and staff being interviewed one of the times my family went for breakfast. The potato pancake was my favorite on the menu! It's a shame the restaurant was sold and no longer exists.	2
"I have the spherical one.
My friend Aradhay (pronounced A-ra-dyu) has a pyraminx
The rediminx seems easy but it's actually hard
The moyu puppet cubes are so weird"	0
I've wanted to build a PC all my life but been too scared of breaking something to try. this week that ended with my first successful build, big thanks to this video!	2
The only next gen console I could find was this one. Have owned it for about a year. 0 regrets. Would buy it again. Its amazing. Its form factor blows my mind. So tiny but so powerful	2
Love the content, Greg. Keep it up.	2
Bro the random dog on the soccer field stopping the goal like hes airbud has me in tears. ??	0
When this episode came out bitcoin was around $240. $2000 for a giant zuccini is outrangous	1
i loved this comic when i was younger, i can't believe they're actually making a series! super exited and hope she gets the same powers she has usually later on <3	2
Few year back i watched this video as a newbie student and it give me a motivation to pursue AI as my career. Now, I'm writing my Master thesis and will soon join a company as Machine Learning Engineer. Revising this video feels so nostalgic. Thanks SethBling. Kudos :D	2
I've discovered your music yesterday. Can't wait!!!	2
The DNA joke at the beggining, I actually laughed exactly like the audience, I started chuckling, then more, and then I bursted out laughing it was perfect	2
"*Description of exclusive video footage:*

1:10 - Panel starts with a Sizzle reel narrated by Stan Lee. ""Marvel has always been and always will be a reflection of the world right side our window."" Footage from previous films plays: The Avengers, Infinity War, Black Panther... ""Today is our time."" Phase 4 titles start to be included. ""Welcome home,"" declares Vision. All three Spider-Man land together. Disney+ shows cut by with new heroes being included. It culminates with Clea opening a portal, Professor X, Thor landing, Matt Murdock catching a brick, Kingpin, more shots from Phase 4 movies and shows. The Illuminati, the Eternals, and more. Right at the end Miss Minutes jump scares the crowd.


10:40 - *Official Trailer | She-Hulk: Attorney at Law | Disney+ (YouTube)*


13:43 - *Secret Invasion* footage begins with a shot of a field as a beam of light opens along the horizon and a silhouetted figure resembling a classic grey alien emerges. As the figure gets closer, it takes on a less and less abstract shape until we see it is in fact Nick Fury, looking pretty grizzled after his time in space. Maria Hill meets with Fury at a bar. She tells him that shes been unsuccessfully trying to reach him for years. Maria asks why after all this time he decided to come back. This is different, he says. 

In a montage, we get quick glimpses of Talos encountering a group of evil Skulls, Emilia Clarke shooting a gun, Kingsley Ben-Adir multiplying into several identical forms in a confrontation with Fury, and Olivia Colman talking to Nick Fury saying Youre in no shape for this Fury. We also see Rhodey being questioned about his security detail and a shot of Martin Freeman as Agent Everett K. Ross. The trailer ends with Talos asking what the Skulls want from Nick Fury and Fury declaring, Im the last person standing between them and what they really want.


19:18 - *Ant-Man: Quantumania* footage opens at City Lights Bookstore in San Francisco, where Scott Lang is reading an excerpt from his new memoir, titled Look Out For The Little Guy, to an enraptured crowd, including a beaming little kid dressed in Ant-Man cosplay. He explains that he is still on call if the Avengers need him, but that his main priority in life is taking care of his daughter, Cassie. As he finishes the chapter and the crowd applauds, Scotts phone rings, and the caller ID tells him that its the SFPD, leading him to remark aloud, Why is jail calling?

After Scott bails his daughter, Cassie Lang, out of jail, they are seen eating dinner with the Pym/van Dynes (Hope, Hank, and Janet). Scott explains that he knows she is just trying to help, and when Cassie says that she is trying to do something that matters, her dad reminds her that he literally saved the world. This comment receives fake shock from everyone else, who sarcastically note that he has never mentioned that fact before, and Janet tells him that he should write a book about it. Shrugging it off, the Avenger retorts, Youre all welcome for all not being dust.

Voice over narration from Kang The Conqueror begins, ""You're an interesting man Scott Lang. You've lost a lot of time. But time isn't what you think. It's not a straight line."" This dialogue is played as the heroes stand in a lab around some kind of device, which unexpectedly turns on. As it powers up, it emits a bright blue light that sends out an energy wave, and Cassie gets sucked inside of it. As Scott Lang panics and tries to grab her, he too is pulled inside the light along with the rest of the main cast, landing them in the Quantum Realm. 

In montage footage, The characters wander through a trippy sci-fi landscape where they run into Bill Murray, who is wearing a kind of fantasy robe. He seems to recognize Janet van Dyne. We also get a glimpse of MODOK. Kangs voiceover continues, explaining that he knows how everything in Scotts life ends. Scott responds, I dont know who you are, but youve made a big mistake. Im an Avenger.  The footage ends with Kang stepping out of the shadows, ""You're an Avenger? Have I killed you before?""


23:31 - *Guardians of the Galaxy vol. 3* footage begins with Nebula piloting the ship as it is captured by Ravagers. She tells them to stand down as they have an appointment with Gamora, who is now leader of the Ravagers. Gamora appears, wearing all black and looking super tough. There's a shot of Peter Quill on his ship, looking sad. Peter reflects back on their time together. ""You were everything to me,"" he said. ""I thought you were gone but you're here and I miss you."" Gamora tells him that person was not her. 

In a montage set to ""Do You Realize"" by Flaming Lips, we see the Guardians in colorful spacesuits, leaping into space, the evil monster from the beginning of the last film, Peter and the team getting off in what looks like an Earth neighborhood. Nebula is helping to put up a sign in what appears to be a business district with alien writing. There's a flashback to a baby version of Rocket Raccoon. We get a look at Will Poulter's Adam Warlock, who has gold skin, Chukwudi Iwuji as the High Evolutionary, and Cosmo the psychic Russian space dog, played by Borats Maria Bakalova. Groot fights back to back with Quill, now fully grown and even more bulky, muscular, and tall than in the original film. There is a shot of the team in their classic blue uniforms with red trimming from the comics. 

The Guardians are bounding across an alien planet. Theyre each wearing brightly colored suits, each one different: blue, green, red, orange and yellow. Peter tries to talk to Gamora about their past. He asks if she might be willing to open herself up and she says I dont think so, Quinn. Peter corrects her Quill. Its Quill. At which point Mantis tells Peter that theyre on an open channel and everyone can hear.  

The footage ends with the Guardians all walking in slow motion, Groot, thicker and more muscular, no Rocket, and Gamora slightly off in the background.


58:21 - *Marvel Studios Black Panther: Wakanda Forever | Official Teaser (YouTube)*


Note: I wasnt in Hall H. This is just what I was able to find online. It is more than possible it got a bit messed up in the game of internet telephone. I welcome corrections from those who were there!"	1
"2:39 ...
Mary Jane szemei..."	1
"Mosh: Go ahead and spend 10 to 15 minutes on this exercise
Me: *Spends 2 hours* 15 minutes indeed

Thank you, kind sir. I appreciate all the efforts you did to make this as straightforward as it could be!"	2
Ive tried so many tutorials and this video was the only one that was able to teach me how to solve it! You explain everything so thoroughly and in a way thats easy to understand you should make a tutorial for the 4x4!	2
As a huge PlayStation fan, That packaging is another level ??	2
Now how long would it take to solve that big one in World Record time	1
Roger Waters???	2
"Hey guys! You can check out SoFlo online SAT Tutors from Georgetown and Princeton & students! Average improvement of 110 points, and you can qualify for free tutoring through their scholarship program :)
http://bit.ly/studyquill"	2
"Comment down below what is your favorite doll and what kind of secret room for dolls you would build?

Like this video? Subscribe to our channel and share this video!
More cool ideas: https://youtu.be/CPKD4qBRQSs?list=PLmBrxha-_rATRhhOBDwAmThWivvh2eVK7"	2
Thank you so much for all that you do sir, they are extremely helpful!	2
"""Bonzai shows that life can be beautiful within the struggle.""

I'm having rough times lately, feels like giving up at times. This quote really cheers me up."	2
"?? Course Contents ??

?? (00:00) Introduction
?? (01:06) Timestamps
?? (01:23) Script and Visuals
?? (01:34) References + Research
?? (01:56) Questions
?? (02:12) Shameless Plug
?? (02:51) What are Data Structures?
?? (04:36) Series Overview
?? (06:55) Measuring Efficiency with BigO Notation
?? (09:45) Time Complexity Equations
?? (11:13) The Meaning of BigO
?? (12:42) Why BigO?
?? (13:18) Quick Recap
?? (14:27) Types of Time Complexity Equations
?? (19:42) Final Note on Time Complexity Equations
?? (20:21) The Array
?? (20:58) Array Basics
?? (22:09) Array Names
?? (22:59) Parallel Arrays
?? (23:59) Array Types
?? (24:30) Array Size
?? (25:45) Creating Arrays
?? (26:11) Populate-First Arrays
?? (28:09) Populate-Later Arrays
?? (30:22) Numerical Indexes
?? (31:57) Replacing information in an Array
?? (32:42) 2-Dimensional Arrays
?? (35:01) Arrays as a Data Structure
?? (42:21) Pros and Cons
?? (43:33) The ArrayList
?? (44:42) Structure of the ArrayList
?? (45:19) Initializing an ArrayList
?? (47:34) ArrayList Functionality
?? (49:30) ArrayList Methods
?? (50:26) Add Method
?? (53:57) Remove Method
?? (55:33) Get Method
?? (55:59) Set Method
?? (56:57) Clear Method
?? (57:30) toArray Method
?? (59:00) ArrayList as a Data Structure
?? (1:03:12) Comparing and Contrasting with Arrays
?? (1:05:02) The Stack
?? (1:05:06) The Different types of Data Structures
?? (1:05:51) Random Access Data Structures
?? (1:06:10) Sequential Access Data Structures
?? (1:07:36) Stack Basics
?? (1:09:01) Common Stack Methods
?? (1:09:45) Push Method
?? (1:10:32) Pop Method
?? (1:11:46) Peek Method
?? (1:12:27) Contains Method
?? (1:13:23) Time Complexity Equations
?? (1:15:28) Uses for Stacks
?? (1:18:01) The Queue
?? (1:18:51) Queue Basics
?? (1:20:44) Common Queue Methods
?? (1:21:13) Enqueue Method
?? (1:22:20) Dequeue Method
?? (1:23:08) Peek Method
?? (1:24:15) Contains Method
?? (1:25:05) Time Complexity Equations
?? (1:27:05) Common Queue Uses
?? (1:28:16) The Linked List
?? (1:31:37) LinkedList Visualization
?? (1:33:55) Adding and Removing Information
?? (1:41:28) Time Complexity Equations
?? (1:44:26) Uses for LinkedLists
?? (1:47:19) The Doubly-LinkedList
?? (1:48:44) Visualization
?? (1:50:56) Adding and Removing Information
?? (1:58:30) Time Complexity Equations
?? (1:59:06) Uses of a Doubly-LinkedList
?? (2:00:21) The Dictionary
?? (2:01:15) Dictionary Basics
?? (2:02:00) Indexing Dictionaries
?? (2:02:40) Dictionary Properties
?? (2:05:53) Hash Table Mini-Lesson
?? (2:13:26) Time Complexity Equations
?? (2:16:39) Trees
?? (2:16:55) Introduction to Hierarchical Data
?? (2:18:54) Formal Background on the Tree
?? (2:20:03) Tree Terminology and Visualization
?? (2:25:08) Different types of Trees
?? (2:28:07) Uses for the Tree
?? (2:29:00) Tries
?? (2:29:50) Trie Basics
?? (2:30:41) Trie Visualization
?? (2:34:33) Flagging
?? (2:35:15) Uses for Tries
?? (2:38:25) Heaps
?? (2:38:51) Heap Basics
?? (2:39:19) Min-Heaps
?? (2:40:07) Max-Heaps
?? (2:40:59) Building Heaps
?? (2:44:20) Deleting from Heaps
?? (2:46:00) Heap Implementations
?? (2:48:15) Graphs
?? (2:49:25) Graph Basics
?? (2:52:04) Directed vs. Undirected Graphs
?? (2:53:45) Cyclic vs. Acyclic Graphs
?? (2:55:04) Weighted Graphs
?? (2:55:46) Types of Graphs
?? (2:58:20) Conclusion
?? (2:58:43) Shameless Plug"	1
Respect to the cameramen for going through all the laps	2
Tesla has finally unveiled their Tesla Pi Phone and it is a beauty! The phone comes with a 6.39-inch AMOLED display, 12GB of RAM, and 1TB of storage. It runs on Teslas own operating system, Tesla OS. The best part? The price tag! Tesla is selling the Pi Phone for only ?799 in the UK!	2
Once you're fired from your job, you can't take documents off the premises.	0
100% the most stable beta Ive ever done on an apple product. Think this is going to be one of the smoothest releases ever. My biggest complaint is the UI for a lot of logins in safari. Not sure what it is but it just looks ugly and like stuff doesnt fit right. Im sure there is some kind of setting I can tweak, but LOVE the weather Lock Screen and matching wallpaper if looks really clean! The layout of settings is a lot better also, even though inevitably when they rearrange settings it takes a while to find everything, but it is much more intuitively than previous improvements.	2
I've replay it many times. It's really great!!!	2
Gotta say this is one of the best episodes of the series in a while! I actually think every single one of these things would be something I'd go out to buy, especially the LED sign. I finally am picking back up my plan to build my own PC and the flexibility of the sign adds a lot of, well, flexibility on how I want my endgame to turn out.	2
Such a good song, let's get down business now ????????	2
Your explanation is realistic and straight to the point<. On the other hand there are many ways of manipulating the market, I was able to grasp the knowledge of trading crypto assets early enough, but i was still limited due to my lack of technical understanding of how to analyse the digital market , all that changed when i encountered (Gerard McDonald) strategy. more emphasis should be put into day trading as it Is less affected by the unpredictable nature of the market.	1
What a delicious meal!!????????	2
This looks really good! And I'm talking about the relationship dynamic between Bruce and Jennifer as well as the VFX. The music goes well too	2
*WOULD YOU BE ABLE TO DO THIS CHALLENGE?*	1
I lyk this whole interview nd moreover very cute doggie	2
I have been an Android user for 10 plus years and especially with Samsung devices the OS system has drastically improved. I went from a Galaxy s10e to the s22 ultra when it came out and it seems like it took a few updates to really get the full potential from the new chip. I would get the occasional hiccups but I might be able to reason that the covid pandemic kind of slow development down just like it has with a lot of other things but other than that seems like my phone is getting better and better with each monthly update.	2
As a specialty coffee lover those Cometeer pods are amazing. If I didn't enjoy the long process it takes to brew a fresh cup of coffee I'd 100% buy them all the time.	2
Have a drink or smoke a joint. Thanks, Chef. Ill do both.	2
Streams getting better and better , you guys are on fire lately!	2
Thank you for your amazing video ??????	2
Takeoff, que flow ??????????	2
That moment when you learn more in YouTube for free than your professors	2
It refreshed my knowledge. Thank you!!!!	2
 ,  .!	1
Literally gonna cry. My SAT is tomorrow and Im FREAKING OUT. Im usually better at reading. I got a 650 on the practice. I got a 440 on the math- yall PRAY FOR ME LMAO	1
As someone who is following channels like BuzzFeed, tasty, food insider and many more channels who review food of India vs other countries, since 2017, I'll have to agree that i GENUINELY enjoyed this video. The editing, the humour, the variety, everything is just so indulging and fun to watch. Rather than your average countless food comparison videos which feel like they're all the same, this was refreshing to watch. Kudos! Looking forward to more of this content!!!	2
I HAVE ATTRACTED SO MUCH LOSSES TRADING ON MY OWN...I TRADE WELL ON DEMO BUT I THINK THE REAL MARKET IS MANIPULATED... CAN ANYONE HELP ME OUT OR AT LEAST TELL ME WHAT I'M DOING WRONG ?	0
This came out when I was in high school. So nostalgic. I'll probably be 80 and still jamming!	2
30-35 cr opening is a dream for Bollywood nowadays	1
I love those stuff you made, keep up the good work	2
I LOVE THIS SONG!!!!??????	2
"Wow, la verdad te felicito, muy buenos trucos :)
Aprecio tambin el hecho que hayas puesto subtitulos, ?Gracias!"	2
Hi bebu bhai op video like	1
Someone should sing this to the government	1
He's gonna be in history books as the most generous man of our time	2
You are awesome Im in a very bad situation right know and I so appreciate and look forward to your videos. You truly take all my stress away and make me feel whole again. Ty kel	2
Thanks guys for showing me this video. I didn't know about this course but thanks for promoting it becuase now I'm probably going to invest in it thanks to you guys ??	2
"Aiming for 750+ on reading????????Check out supertutorTV.com/superseminar for our 2hr pop up class w/ Brooke!

Learn fast ?with Brooke:
https://supertutortv.com/crashcourse/ 2 hour LIVE SAT Crash Course!

Work on your Common App Essay/Personal Statements w/ Brooke ??https://supertutortv.com/essay
??Save $10 off our group essay class when you use code ESSAY10; No price adjustments on previous purchases. Offer ends August 27, 2022, 11:59 pm Pacific time. Sale only valid on Essay Course."	2
How is he spinning with a keyboard ??	1
I personally enjoy the old school phones.  I have such a hard time hearing my iPhone at max volume without the speaker on.  If I worked in an office I would definitely buy one.  People forget how ergonomic those old phones are.  It's not particularly comfortable holding a rectangle to your head.  I also have physically sensitive ears so any type of headphones, ear phones, whatever... cause me a bunch of pain.  Looks like a good product that can both be a gag and something for people out there like me who have a tough time using a regular mobile phone.	2
You did a great work with this new makeover  colt .. and gaz look incredible now ??see i did say it will be clean and niiice ?? the audio sounds alot better imo now # xstalkerx dk (on xbox)	2
"""""one of the best things about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something.He always respect us , the audience,and his team, and he always polite in all of his video????"	2
"Timestamps 

1:09 Main Pic 

1:30 Scenes

2:50 Effects 

3:54 Assets

7:00 Code

8:42 Systems

10:26 Problem"	1
This is awesome, the new design that Marvel give to the armor of Iron man is so cool, the black color is perfect in his armor, also the design of venom is great, and we have ghost rider, i love it. This is a game of marvel that have my attention already.	2
Im literally hyped for this wave, they have Waluigis Pinball! I do find it interesting that they are also creating completely new tracks as well ( like the sundae one), as most people suspected complete remakes of the originals. All in all, Im excited	2
After a long tiring day, when I listen to this song, I feel like I can immediately forget all the troubles of life. Hope you will make more quality products like this.	2
I majored in Biology with minors in chemistry and philosophy. Always loved reading and sometimes I wish I majored in English. I want to start writing soon but I just need to find the time outside of my scientific career lol. Like you, Ive always seen myself as a bibliophile but was frequently discouraged from studying the arts. I kept reading and I now have a small personal library. I love the feeling of just thinking and getting lost in a book; dissecting the words and the scenes they provoke in my mind. You brought up some good points and relatable experiences. Thank you	2
"The first thing I want you to know,whom ever you might be, is that God loves you.  I don't care what you have done in the past.  I don't care of the mistakes you have made.   The blunders we all have.  He loves you, I want you to understand that.  Millions have prayed this prayer around the world and now it is your turn.  In just a few moments time, if you believe it, is all God requires, believe it.  Forget about your past.  When they put Jesus in that tomb, they put all of your sins in that tomb as well.  When Jesus walked out of that tomb, He walked out victorious and we came out with Him a new creation in Christ Jesus.
I am going to pray, and I want you to pray with me.  I am going to say the words that you need to say.  Saying words cannot save you, but if you truly believe in your heart, you will be saved. And I want you to say them out loud and mean them with all of your heart.  And Jesus Christ will come into your heart and change your heart and change your life.  
Let us pray.

Dear God in Heaven.
I come to you.
I am sorry for my sins and the way I have lived.
The things I have done.
Please forgive me.
Cleanse me.
With your precious blood.
From every sin, I have ever committed.
Right now, with my mouth, I confess, the Lord Jesus.
And in my heart, I believe that Jesus died for me and rose from the dead.
And I accept Jesus Christ, this very moment, as my savior, my redeemer, and I make Him the Lord of my life.
And right now, I am a new creation, I am washed, I am cleansed, I AM SAVED.  
We ask this all in the name of Jesus. Amen."	2
You forgot the 1601+ score range. It's the only score Squidward Community College accepts. Anything below that is a fail.	1
"Im acualy suprised how good an precise she explaind machine learning to the child....
Respect"	2
Thank you so much for this! I've always wanted to make one of these!	2
3:45 seein bill get all excited like that describing the play just lets you know how exciting and high IQ Ed reed was in his time. Him and Troy are the best safeties Ive seen in my lifetime by far	2
When Leon was talking about his mom and how he made her proud and cried.... the feels... I love this guy..	2
Legalize it tax it and pay for  USA healthcare with it	1
"????? ???????? ????????? ????? ?????? ????????? ?????? ?????? ???? ????
??????????? ????????????????? 2 ??? ?????????????? ???? M4 TECH ????"	1
"The pool cake was so cute! ""Put an appropriate toy depending on what character your child is currently obsessed with"", I'm 20 and I would still absolutely love to get a cake like that."	2
I am going to say, I have just 3 years as a English speaker (my first language is Spanish) and I understand EVERYTHING that you explain. You put it so simple, very understandable, digestible for real beginners like me... Thank you for putting all the work/time and release these videos for free.	2
I love how honest you guys are, very brave to point this history out, you guys really are the best!	2
"I think Casemiro is a quality player and a quality singing. I dont believe hell be unmotivated because hes won everything. 
Hes a world class CDM which we need. But its madness that well be paying that money for him at this point in the window. Crazy. It reeks of absolute desperation."	0
"i have the elite series 1 controller still and it was sent into service once for the rubber loosening and a bumper not working correctly. the design and thought behind the elite series controllers is awesome, but it does require more work done to the design. esp after hearing the same rubbergripproblem happens also on series 2.
but i also remember microsoft being at first very oppositional to the idea of the ""free to repair"" thing, but shortly after that they were called in again and microsoft had completely reversed their decision, so if a third party repairservice was able to repair anything to my series 1 controller as its been a while since i bought it, id be all in favor of it!! that would just secure the longevity of any controller basically for the foreseeable future and im glad microsoft and xbox is supporting that !"	1
Listening to this whole album makes you 150% stronger in the gym	2
Great episode! I sure that you can do a follow up episode. I would like to see the ship reconstructed!!	2
"My great great Grandmother was 13 when she boarded a slave ship from Africa and we have pictures of her in her 90's.
It wasn't that long ago and any calls to ""get over and forget about it"" is disrespectful to what they had to endure so that we could live."	0
Lets give chase some respect. Happy birthday chase	2
Howdy!??	2
"With the way the market is moving, we'll mostly hold for longer than 2030 to realize profit gain, I think a video on ""How to profit from the present market"" will be more effective, I mean I've heard of people making upto 350K within few months and I'd like to know how."	1
Lisa est une femme trs talentueuse, l'inspiration de tout le monde est Lisa, elle est une bonne image surtout pour les jeunes. Lisa meilleure danseuse pour une raison pour laquelle elle peut contr?ler son corps et toujours regarder ses expressions faciales Cool, enfin quand Lisa rappe c'est que j'ai trouv slay and ate	1
This voice is really amaizing ??...great Song??	2
You might want to put some thought into why you attract  a Lo IQ audience and fix your game .	1
I am studying John Dewey's Philosophy. This video really makes me understand more clear on his principles, such attractive fun animation and clear explanation!	2
definitivamente supero mis espectativas, muy bueno. Excelente	2
I think this man ended up exactly in the role he should fulfill, and only sorry for the crap he was subjected to. We are all beholden and I'm grateful, personally.	2
"Hi Richard. Dont know if you will ever read this but I have to express my gratitude towards you. 
I came across your videos a year ago after the pandemic not only lost In my career but lost in myself. 
Little did I know how much impact you would have on my life. 
I found myself motivated, more knowledgeable and confident to approach a job interview with just GCSEs to me name at late 20s in a competitive environment and not only did I secure a financial operations Interview but I have now just secured a promotion upon studying this interview just 10 months later.
I have learnt so much from you, but the most important lesson Ive learnt is to install that self confidence in yourself because no matter what degree you have if you cant sell it, it wont work. 
Much love and keep up the good work and I hope to meet you one day ??"	2
I WANT FOOD LIKE THAT AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH	2
The way she sang was so touching ! I tried to sing like her s many times playing with my guitar!!	2
"To everyone studying with this: 
Dont worry about your exam. Dont worry about the homework due tomorrow. Youre doing amazing and even coming here to study is a start and Im proud of you! Youre doing amazing. I believe in you <3"	2
Everythings adorable here but it bugs me that there are animals included that look similar but arent the animal listed. Ex: sloth bear in with the sloth; chipmunk mixed in with squirrels, and so on.  Still all super cute.	2
  60-70 ! !   , ,    .	1
Phone are no longer compared by speed but by their features and use cases. Many mobile apps won't port and develop an app if no one uses them. Look at Instagram, they still don't have an iPad version. If he proposes a plan that entises both potential customers and developers then it should work. I highly doubt he'll venture to the mobile market and build another os from the ground up. Both apple and Android has a massive library.	1
Nice	2
I like National Security documents that didnt have to be rescued from an ex-Presidents club basement by the FBI.	1
If you don't like Hall and Oates then you probably don't like music.	0
First time an IM defeated a world champion so easily ??	1
The editing and performance in this video is THROUGH THE ROOF!! Absolutely insane!!	2
It's pretty ridiculous that Microsoft is looking towards upgrading systems especially with it being hard to get the new consoles now. Neither company should be focused on Pro consoles until the Series X and PS5 have been out and have reached their full potential.	0
God, the voice actors did an such amazing job; the voices fit the characters so well! I love Withered Bonnie's one	2
"B) The weighted sum of input is calculated 
A)The Bias is added
C)The Specific Neuron is added 
D)The Result is Feed to an Activation Function"	1
???? 8 ???? ??????...????????????????????	0
What a gorgeous look. Thank you for always giving us tips!  Btw, I saw another YouTuber who compared the amount of the CT bronzer to other bronzers in her collection and the CT had a lot less product in comparison. I guess the packaging is deceiving. Not talking about the how good the product is, just talking about the amount.	2
Thank you for such an informative video, appreciate people from real time experienceare sharing it with people which will he a great help to so many.., I'm working as a software engineer but don't think I'm good at technical so was thinking to move to non technical roles. And these thoughts are really tiring when u end up in too many options and not able to conclude. I am with Bsc maths and Msc computers background,  and in 2016 thought searched so much how to utilise my maths skills in IT, but unfortunately couldn't find so much that time..now when I hear on Data scene I feel I lost so much opportunity,  but I would like to resstart my learning and your videos are really inspiring. Is it okay for a person with almost 8years gap from Bsc maths to start on Data science now? Please reply	2
The best song he's ever done and will probably do this is a banger I can't stop listening.	2
Hes so good at among us	2
The more I learn, the more I think Im being punished for being born.	0
If you see this comment, I want to thank you for living with me on the same planet. You are not alone in this world. I hope this comment can make at least one person a little bit happy. This is all I want and wish good health to you	2
Can we all just give this man a round of applause for putting this information out here for FREE! Great video man!! Thank you so much for this course!!!???????? I will study it all.	2
Wayne is the kind of success story that encourages me as a underground artist with a small following. Seeing how hes developed his skills and slowly blown up after seizing each and every opportunity hes been giving has been inspirational! Mans has quickly become a mainstay in the industry and for good reason. Dude is too nice! I know if I put in the work, I can reach a larger audience some day too, but for now, Im happy being a supporter. My turn will come too. Salute to Wayne??	2
For weeks I was using the Series S as my main console unintentionally because it turned out that I was playing more where I thought I would play less. I had no complaints, it was really good. I eventually switched but it's not like I felt there was much of a problem.	2
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
I just wanted to thank y'all at Crash Course for this biology series!! Last year I had to take a state biology test that is a part of a series of tests that are mandatory to pass to get your high school diploma. I decided to watch these biology vids to help prep because I wasn't feeling prepared enough. It ended up that a big section of the test was on a topic we didn't go over in class but I had watched Crash Course vids about it. Anyway I just recently found out that I did pass my test!!!! So just thank you guys so much!! I don't know if I would've made it through my test if it wasn't for these vids!!!????????????????????	2
my physics teacher last year made every answer on our test C.	1
What an amazing video. So easy to understand. Thank you so much!	2
This is absolutely amazing! thank you for explaining everything, no numbers, no annoying narrators, and just actually being legit good people	2
???? ?????? ???, ???? ???? ??? ???	1
Calmness is a nice balance to chaos, let everyone in this calm mindset be given stress relief energy	2
Goodnight everyone and sleep well! :)	2
I live for John's roasts of AT&T.	2
i love this remix ????	2
Lets all appreciate that this man never disappoints with his family friendly videos	2
Im not fanboying or anything, Me myself as an android user more specifically Samsung i see this as impossible , they are on a different level, people buy there products without even regretting or thinking about it , and if this new pi phone ever blew up it wont last nor have the experience the apple/samsung team have provided.	1
Bio teachers reading the comments ??????????	1
This video is amazing!! I was like wow wow wow!!! Thank you for posting ??	2
Hi Sundas! I am a chemical engineer working in industrial automation for several years. I spent several years drawing conclusions from tons of process trendings and doing data visualization (when I I didn't know what it really was) until I found your IG and that's when I knew I was into data analytics. I am doing the Google data analytics certificate course and it is great so far. I am also hesitating to stepping into the data scientist role but I will see how the data analytics goes first. Thanks for inspiring me to give my career a new direction !( Changing at 35 is not easy!)	2
"the way this man teaches is something which doesn't get you tired. you will watch him teach with a beaming smile on your face.
thanks for this great class."	2
Two legendary directors	1
I have an appointment tomorrow!	1
?? ????? we support T raja singh	1
This man has gained another 2 million subscribers in just 12 days.. what an achievement!	2
Little did he know the after he hit stop recording that he'd think I'm an idiot for my dmca question	0
"Me: havent heard this song for over five years

My brain today: HEY REMEMBER THIS SONG?!"	1
"People: how is it possible for a fish to  generate so much electricity?
The fish: the dark side of the force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be... Unnatural"	1
She's the type of person who puts a makeup on her forehead to make up her mind	0
"Teacher: Grade is just a number.

Also teacher: *Judges your future because of your grades*"	1
"Thank you for your solid, no frills, right to the heart of it videos!  I will definitely tell others who are in job-hunting mode. 
I watched your videos for the past two days (over and over). I had my second interview (virtual) and was offered the job (with a US airline)before the interview ended. ??
Thank you again!"	2
Hey guga we know that dry brining steak is actually good so what if try dry aged steak using garlic powder and black pepper and let's see if it will work and will taste much better ??	2
"I used your toolbox to nail my interview, I used your follow up email to get the ball moving on a response (and got a job offer an hour after sending it) and now I used your ""Salary Expectations"" video to negotiate a higher salary. I'm beyond greatful! thank you!"	2
Do you ever feel like there are so many great upcoming movies but they just disappear	0
I've been rewatching this for a while now??. It's actually pretty interesting but I'm finding it hard to understand the leptons( especially the lepton numbers) symmetries and the neutrinos. But except all that I understood the rest. You really explained very well and you made it very comprehensive and detailed. Thanks very much??????.	2
"Good luck everyone! Feel free to ask questions in the comments!
Chapters for your convenience:
0:55 - Equipment
1:50 - The Pattern
2:12 - Breakdown - 1 Ball
3:39 - Breakdown - 2 Balls
5:40 - Breakdown - 3 Balls
8:29 - Troubleshooting
11:12 - Bonus Tips
13:31 - Squirrels being stupid"	1
Fabulous message!!! Love the 'roads analogy with education'.	2
I'm working as an Associate Data Scientists at a startup and I honestly haven't needed to code for like 5 months. They've got me focused on an e-learning initiative.	2
Little does he know, the ape will not going to let this happen	0
Fun fact: Magnus Carlsen has won TEN games at the same time while blindfolded before! However, this pales in comparison to the world record, 48 games played blindfolded at the same time, held by Grandmaster Timur Gareyev.	2
"Tell Me About Yourself - Job Interview
 -Mr. Davis is ready to interview now.
 - thank you
 -hello Mr Torrus, nice to meet you. 
 i'm tom Davis, the manager of LCI software. 
 -nice to meet you Mr Davis
-first i'd like to congratulate you on passing our aptitude test. 
you did very well. 
-thank you.
-so, how did you hear about this job?
-i saw an advertisement online. 
i clicked on it 
and it brought me to your company's website, 
where i applied for it.
-makes sense.
what do you know about our company so far?
-i've read on your website 
that for over 10 years LCI software has delivered professional services.
on software development projects for clients all over the world.
i can tell from the pictures and client testimonials on the website that you do great, 
quality work. 
-yes, we always try to do quality work. 
the software products we build help many brands transform their businesses.
So, tell me about yourself. 
-i completed a Bachelor's Degree in Environmental Biology 
and a Master's Degree in Environmental informatics. 
i managed to get a job in the environmental engineering industry.
but i soon realized i wasn't cut out for that job 
and decided to move to a different industry.
i decided to take the path of a software developer.
-wow, what determined you to make such a bold career shift?
-i've had a great enthusiasm for technology since an early age.
i've always loved computers and gadgets and enjoyed building them and taking them apart.
i took online courses endorsed by high-profile universities and studied how to code. 
i have a few official software certificates.
i started by building websites for people i knew. 
it helped me build a portfolio of projects.
i got my first IOS development job at a software agency called tech services.
i had the opportunity to learn more about the software- building process there.
But, since there were not too many projects at that agency, 
after two years i decided to look for another job.
i soon started to work at an international startup company, Soft Solutions. 
it was a good chance to join a team. 
i've been able to use my training and experience fully at this company.
i gained experience in many things like teamwork, 
time management and quick decision making.
-how long have you been working for Soft Solutions?
-i've been working there for three years.
-why do you want to leave that job?
-i'm looking for a company where i can contribute more and grow. 
i'm ready to take the next step of my career.
-what exactly made you apply for this job at our company?
-i can see that your company has much future growth potential. 
i would love to grow my career at a company 
that has a great reputation in the software industry.
-what are your strengths? 
-my strengths are persistence and courage. 
i give my all to achieve my goals in spite of any hardships 
i might encounter along the way. 
i have a hard working nature. 
i'm always looking for ways to improve and grow. 
i'm also a great team player.
-can you provide an example of how you acted as a team player?
-i always tried to help my teammates complete their tasks if i had completed mine.
whenever someone needed to leave earlier, i would offer to cover for them. 
i'm willing to do whatever it takes for the team or company to succeed.
-great! 
so... what would you do if you didn't get on with someone on your team?
i would try to sort things out in a calm and rational manner. 
i would do my best to get on with that person for the sake of the team.
-what are your weaknesses? 
i can be a bit too straightforward at times and sometimes that hurts people.
but i'm working on this, and try to stop myself from being overly direct.
-where do you see yourself in five years?
-in five years, i'd like to be seen as someone with deep expertise in software development.  
i hope to be offered the opportunity to take the lead on some projects.
-there are definitely promotion opportunities at our company, 
depending on your achievements and expertise.
do you work well under pressure?
-usually i don't panic and manage to maintain self-control. 
there were many tight deadlines and stressful situations at my previous jobs.
i always put in extra hours and did my best in meeting the needs of the clients.
i've always delivered high quality work and respected my deadlines.
-interesting... 
can you tell me about a recent accomplishment or success you had?
i was part of the team that built the Louis kitchen app.
with this app, it's easy to order your favorites, even when you're on the go.
i love creating something that people can interact with and enjoy.
-that's quite impressive, i must admit.
okay, thanks so much for coming in, Mr Torrus. 
it was great to meet you. 
-it was great to meet you too.
-i'll give you a call tomorrow. 
-sounds good. i look forward to it. thank you.
-hello. 
-hello. this is Tom Davis the, manager of LCI software.
am i speaking to Mark Torrus? 
-yes, this is Mark Torres speaking.
-great. 
i'm calling to inform you that your interview was successful and i'd like to offer you the job.
-thank you,  i'd love to take the job.
when would you like me to start?"	2
Im a nurse & I work Night Shift, but even working nights, following these tips is so important for me! Some people think Im crazy for staying on a night schedule even on my days off, but its like you said, its so hard on your body to not just stay on one schedule! My blackout curtains, sleep mask, & extended release melatonin are my best friends after a shift & a hot shower!	2
I remember a time when people with Apple devices would brag because they said they could not get a virus	1
His body language says a lot about him he's very ambitious willing to share and learn more but also he's really competitive	2
Please share you email id in the comment section if you need the data-sets and codes shown in this video.  For Edureka Data Science Masters Certification Curriculum, Visit our Website: http://bit.ly/37q65Oc	1
"jay's little ""Wee!""s at 6:15 gave me life"	2
Vui qu lm thm nhi?u t?p v? FS 22 ny n?a nh b?n	1
??	1
Just because the song is called Bed doesn't mean yall should sleep on it	1
My favourite crypto person online! Great content like always Casey thank you loads!!	2
hng ra t?p ti?p theo qu ??	1
The fact that you have single-handedly researched recorded edited and produced this documentary is astounding! I happen to know the amount of work that's involved in something like that, usually it's a team of a handful or even tens of people.	2
Once you spend 5 to 10 grand on magic cards you kinda dont wanna pay for them anymore really hits home for me.	0
So we found that the problem wasnt the education system per se but the circumstances that children grew up in. And rather than even entertain the possibility that an inequitable socioeconomic foundation was to blame, it was easier to say kids arent learning because theres something wrong with the books, teachers, and schools. I love how simple it is to explain so many crappy circumstances through the lens of cognitive dissonance. Now weve graduated to blaming lack of homeownership on people being too indebted as opposed to a dearth of housing options in the places where people actually want to live (or more accurately a dearth of places with housing where people actually want to live.)	0
Okblon	1
Math isnt my favorite subject, but this looks so interesting. I think that I can get good at this kind of math if I study and practice alot. I really want to learn this stuff.	2
the mother of that girl had no compassion for her, she grabbed her so that the other would kiss her forcibly	0
How are you all doing today?	1
All these will eventually boil down to attempts  to beat the speed of light.	1
"""Computers can seem pretty complicated. But really, they're just simple machines that perform complex actions through many layers of abstraction.""... Yeah... okay..."	1
Thankyou for this video, This is really so amazing. I just didn't even think that way to look at what companies want from us but either way I am going to learn it for just fun????  but maybe later on I would like to switch my carrier in it. Thankyou ?	2
Im honestly waiting for the new iPad Pros to drop.. Might make the M1 pros available for cheaper (refurbished or otherwise)! Heck it may make the 2018 ones even cheaper.	2
I love this song . very chill and very nice ????	2
Hope this vid was helpful! More lifestyle vlogs coming very soon :) Midterms and assignments are only going to pile up from here. Make sure you have tools like Grammarly to help you succeed! Remember to sign up for a FREE account and get 20% off Grammarly Premium: https://grammarly.com/jedcal	2
I'm honestly quite confused why she hasn't been taken to court yet. She has a nutrition facts that make NO SENSE	0
Love the breakdown. I started my first business from money I made off dividends. With what Ive learned over a decade investing, given enough time, solid investments have the potential to double the initial principal amount, but many investors are instead attracted to the lure of high yields in short periods of time despite the possibility of unattractive losses before even getting out. So the onus is on newbies to beware. Having multiple income streams helped me stay afloat in business when the pandemic broke out.	2
 you will observe with concern how long a useful truth may be known and exist before it is generally received and practiced on will now be my favorite quote. Its sad how often ppl prove Benjamin Franklins words true, he would probably be very disappointed with the ignorance and misinformation were surrounded by	0
"Love these interviews, Sundar is such a down to earth person, lovely interview. Thankyou Justine

Love from India??"	2
The amount of effort you put into each and every video is so awesome . I Love your vids!!	2
Why does Derrick have a pad on his forehead ????	0
to be clear it's not alleged war crimes they have tried and convicted people for them already so yes war crimes are being committed in Ukraine just because you don't like saying it doesn't change that its actually happening to the people it affects.	0
Already 2 years of putting everything together,  it looks like a proper game,   good job	2
This song is the how the last day of school feels like.	2
"Son unos de los mejores conciertos ??? Likeex.uno ??
los  mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer  .








Megan: ""Hotter""
Hopi: ""Sweeter""
Joonie: ""Cooler""
Yoongi: ""Butter""




22:05  Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente ?? 
hay nomas pa ra reirse un rato y no estar triste y estresado por la vida dura que se vive hoy...xubb ??
tus.admiradores......feliz ??
Tu..belleza.viaja.al.universo.se.reune.con.estrellas. ?? y.luceros...tu.mirada.enamora.al.sol.....tu.hermosura.quedara.por..una.eternidad.en.los.corazonede.
Navidad.y.noche.buena....mis.respeto.para.todas.las.mujes.del.mundo...saludos..al.fin.del.mundo 
EX?? 14:29!!+*!"	1
"Timestamps for the lesson:


0:00 - Intro
0:17 - Newton's 1st Law
2:59 - Newton's 2nd Law
3:47 - Unit Conversion(Newtons and lbs)
4:56 - Weight and Mass
8:26 - Newton's 3rd Law
16:57 - Normal Force
21:12 - Tension Force
31:54 - More on Newton's 3rd Law
33:58 - Net Force in different directions
54:43 - More on Tension Force
1:14:11 - Normal Force on Multiple Objects
1:24:39 - Static and Kinetic Friction
1:38:48 - Inclined Planes
1:56:47 - Pulley Systems
2:19:15 - Pulley Systems on Inclined Planes


Great video, man!"	1
Respect doubled for PTR Sir. Tamilnadu is Land of Intelligents and Hard working people. PTR Sir is a clear example..	2
Lol the tortoise segment was pure gold. Bro shot the fade and flipped him over helplessly. Then proceeded to clap tortoise cheeks and made em watch ??	2
As a competitive cuber I can see how he does some of his tricks, but still a ton of them are just insane	0
I watched this in my bachelor's degree, and liked the video. Now pursuing my Master's degree and come here again to remember all of these tips, helpful again second time, i wish i can give you more than one likes, thank you so much for clear, quick, precise explanation.	2
Hi Mosh. Thank you so much for putting this together. Im wanting to learn python because Im a teacher with an IT background who wants to find a way to make simple web applications to make life easier for my fellow teachers. Im mostly interested in creating a way for teachers to enter data (assessment data, house points etc), which can then be collated, summarised and displayed in useful ways.	2
Imagine you're a manchester fan and you here watching this brilliant game.	2
Msica top! ??????	2
Ape..aege...thiyena....keeli...tika....aran...anna..puluwande	1
Well in my area I dont see drones	1
Once again, the only YouTuber you never have to worry about clickbaiting you...	2
Linus!!! Just turn the key lights  180 and bounce them off the walls. Youll get a much softer glow and shadow and way more even lighting. Its such a simple fix. Im not sure where along the lines people got the idea to beam the lights directly at your face ??	2
Adoro ver ele preparando a comida,   bem satisfatrio. Gosto muito do jeito dele, sempre animado. ??	2
"I really really like this kid. He makes me smile. Super mature for his age. 

Vlad you handled that really gracefully. You & the kid had a great interview. Thank you for good entertainment. Grown man shit."	2
Damn. The cheesecake proved the narrators not just a robot capable of occasionally trying out products!!!! He showed actual emotion past making a bad joke followed by Ill see myself out Kay youve done us a great service demonstrating genuine emotion in the Be Amazed narrator XD	2
That really is an amazing game! White material advantage, blacks ruined structure, but the bishop pair and a long king walk to finish a great game with promotions on both sides and a queen sac.	2
I just don't think Magnus takes chess very seriously anymore.  And that's his right.  We're still thrilled to have him, distracted.  Still very entertaining and insightful, still a great contributor to the chess world.	2
Still respect to the man who went out for so many people to get good food	2
Your content is a clear demonstration of how much passion and energy you put in making these videos. Thanks for such awesome content!	2
school told us this was happening the week before the test, I have roughly 9 hours until I take it, cheers.	2
a whole day of just msuic? awesome!	2
Man, don't you hate it when you get stuck on a deserted island, end up clapping a fish woman, only for the fish woman to suddenly choose to clap the only other guy on the island? I know I do.	0
"Checkpoint never fails to entertain us. I get bored watching youtube but every time he posts a new video it makes my day! 
His videos are always entertaining and amazing. I trully appreciate the efforts you put in it."	2
Nice	2
Spending billions on space when we have much to do here on earth	1
2016-2019 was arguably Applesnot worse but unpleasant years for hardware and software. For example, iOS 11 (2017) was pure trash. Control center for iOS 10 washit or miss because you had to swipe in order to get to media controls but as apple transitioned into 2020 with the redesigned MacBook, flat edge iPhone, apple silicone, etc. Apple is doing much better. Software is much better too. Not to mention, Apple is bringing back COLORS to their products. No more space gray, gold and silver. We have blue iPhones, red, green purple, sierra blue, midnight green, pink, so many beautiful colors. Red Apple Watch, blue Apple Watch, blue AirPods max, pink and green. Apple is so much (arguably) better now. Ive was good for his time but 2019 onward, we see and are experiencing a new apple for the better	2
"So happy for Pragg!!! ?????? I was thinking ""push your pawns Pragg at the end game, please push your pawns!"" And when he finally started doing that he had much better winning chances. Well done!"	2
"The guy is giving a simplified summary for total beginners and people think it is an exact account if the methods they use. Agents have spoken with innocent and guilty people, their knew how to account for simple nerves and a guilty person. They know how to establish a baseline to account for individual traits. And most importantly, none of this can be used too convict you. They can't just say ""yep he's the murderer, he is lying"" and throw you in prison. It is just a tool to help then when interrogating so they can have an idea if when they are being lied too, or who they should focus on. They still need to investigate and find actual  PROOFV to convict you. If you didn't do it, they can't convict you just because you seemed like you were lying."	0
"New video that includes PS5 and Xbox Series X
 https://youtu.be/0IjdDz1VsMk"	1
I was watching this with my dad, and he didn't believe they were actually at the Masters! It's CRAZY!!! Great job to the editors, the team, and Bryson! Big achievement to be able to play at one of the most prestigious places on Earth!	2
These are actual adults who never grew beyond juvenile delinquency.	0
Pragg is amazing player..even aronian smile when he lost to pragg and magnus also smile when he lost that final game to pragg..it is show that you are great player if opponent smile when they lost to you	2
Hey, thank you so much for your help. Do you have any tips for sophomores taking the PSAT for the first time? I greatly appreciate it.??	2
"Loved your content very much & learned by practicing with automotive related data being a Mechanical engineer. Lot of hurdles faced though but that is how you learn I say. Would appreciate a complete lecture of this particular session where entire ML is taught, checked your playlist of ML are those continuation of these classes, would appreciate your quick response. 
How can I utilize ML in manufacturing, Auto sector in India, since want to be in core also work on technological advancement using software since I like both the streams.
Lot of questions though, would like to get response."	2
The blueberry muffins are most interesting as an invention for me <3 Good to hear they got the turkey leg not dry too.	2
"Mathew: Spends all this time building a play button for jimmy

Jimmy: Tips it over"	1
I swear these kids are so so lucky indeed to have you as there mother!!!?? and you as the mom are so so lucky to have these amazingly stunning kids!! Much love!	2
I usually hold pop-sci in disdain, but this series is an exception. Actually communicating the discoveries in a way that is suited to those who are scientifically literate but not experts in the field, and not exaggerating/mystifying things for the sake of click-bait.	1
Trop cool franchement il est fantastique Mr BEAST,???? moi qui m'ennuyais j'ai trouv du plaisir  regarder cette vido force  vous ????	2
Incroyable tes lunettes ?????	2
I couldnt stop laughing at 2:19. This guy is hilarious	2
"If he can solve it one handed thats impressive
The whole WCA event: Am i a joke to you?"	1
Never knew Lori had a golden ticket . Thats cool	2
This issue needs more attention from everyone, very nice work done by the CNBC team to highlight this issue in your report	2
Eine tolle Opening Night, Danke euch!	1
Can you do a registered nurse overview!!! With this new video format, I think itd many people with a more concentration inspection into the job	1
Congrats Winnipeg open and jr open programs	2
My condolences to Richard and his family. He is a great journalist.	2
I love seeing these videos from your channel pop up on my notifications. You should do a poll on youtube to see what career we want to see next.	2
"found this from sameone in recent comment, maybe it will be more discovered here.

0:00 - 1:13 intro to interview
1:23 pleasing and nails
2:25 being a control freak & perfectionist
3:09 ?dont confuse visibility with success? 
3:30 wanting to be loved in music
4:00 the music industry
4:44 the pandemic + self reflection
5:40 his life without music
6:00 how the pandemic affected him
7:29 headlining coachella
8:05 stress around coachella performance
8:46 reaction when asked to do coachella
9:15 being uncomfortable with songs
9:55 rob stringer + playing songs for him
10:40 leaving one direction + no longer being on that level
11:05 the 1d experience
11:40 hs1 live on tour
13:16 jim carrey + feeling carefree
13:33 nerves around first coachella performance
14:02 the year 2020 + their last interview
14:40 the delay of the fine line tour
15:30 keeping harrys house a secret during tour
17:02 songwriting fatigue
17:31 the lack of hs1 success
19:33 touring during COVID-19
20:20 no drinking during HSLOT
20:50 lonelyness of touring
21:09 sleep schedule during tour
21:33 taking care of himself
22:03 last one direction tour + breaking his foot
22:38 ice bath after shows
23:33 london & la during the pandemic
24:57 ?thats what im gonna do.?
25:32 italy roadtrip in 2020
26:40 ?i felt like a human being.?
27:08 his stepdad who passed away, and driving his car
28:19 missing family events and birthdays
28:55 his identity without the music
29:43 defining happiness
30:03 the success of watermelon sugar
31:27 being proud of watermelon sugar
32:00 fine line being his favourite track
33:16 listening to fine line while running
34:00 hs1 and playing it safe
35:54 feeling more confident with his friends
36:10 music for a sushi restaurant (track 1) + second verse
36:54 the love of making music
37:50 late night talking (track 2) + writing process
39:35 ?you better fucking sing it? - harry styles????
39:40 his voice + avoiding generic vocals 
40:00 grapejuice (track 3)
40:20 being drunk and writing songs
40:43 being hungover while making fine line
41:03 the structure of ?harrys house?
41:33 daylight (track 5) + staying awake
42:56 not caring about peoples opinions 
43:30 painful/emotional songs on the album
43:37 as it was (track 4) being bittersweet
43:52 harry mumbling as it was
44:15 ?a bunch of people dancing to your most devastating experiences? :(
44:53 saying goodbye to his younger self
45:05 not being the same ?as he was?
45:50 what he was going through while writing as it was
46:53 therapy + feeling numb
47:05 one direction pressure + wanting to succeed
47:16 having fun in the band
48:25 happiness and life in general
48:50 making what he wants
49:20 keep driving (track 10)
49:27 one direction bandmates struggling
49:55 friendship with the other boys in the band + ?having each other?
50:32 mutual respect between all the 1d boys
50:45 ?we have a deep love for each other?
51:11 the pandemic inspiring as it was
52:03 matilda (track 7) + standout song
52:25 the narrative of matilda
52:45 writing from a female POV + storytelling tracks
53:15 communicating with people through his lyrics
53:56 an experience he had with a ?specific person? who was suffering
54:27 making sure his friends get help with their issues (mental/traumatic)
55:06 writing matilda to help others
55:25 his friends crying after listening to matilda
55:39 matilda being about ?a special someone? who is unaware of the song
55:45 ?they will know its about them when they hear it?
56:01 tw; suicide: friends of his who have taken their lives
56:16 wishing he could have helped them sooner
56:24 boundaries with friends + emotional support
56:55 coachella week 1 : boyfriends (track 12) performance
58:00 boyfriends from a male perspective + self awareness
58:13 boyfriends writing process + time frame
58:30 lights up recording + production
59:38 working with ben harper
1:01:05 ?really?? ?..no???
1:01:30 performing when hes 50+ years
1:02:01 ?were all flawed? + perfectionism
1:02:20 boyfriends + reflecting on his own behaviour
1:02:31 gemma dating guys + watching how they treat her
1:02:46 why he named it ?boyfriends?
1:03:24 cinema (track 8) + joy and meaning behind the song
1:03:52 harry mumbling cinema melody
1:04:52 work ethic in the band + never stopping
1:05:07 the making of harrys house
1:06:15 cinema, daydreaming and satelite + writing session
1:07:26 love of my life (track 13) + england and home
1:09:29 harry mumbling lyrics/melody of love of my life
1:10:02 the spirit of harrys house
1:10:23 ?harrys house? title inspiration
1:11:16 a day in the life of harry
1:12:20 ?this is my favourite album. i love it so much.?
1:12:58 turning 28 years old
1:13:01 ?at the time of this interview, i was 28? :(
1:14:09 his life moving so fast
1:14:22 ?im not 19 anymore? :(
1:15:08 wanting people to like him
1:15:22 setting boundaries
1:15:52 billie eilish + similiarities in 1d
1:16:18 ?im not that young anymore? :/
1:16:55 being the ?prince charming of pop music?
1:17:08 watching billie eilish from afar + feeling protective
1:18:03 ?i just wanna make good music.?"	1
RIP to the Toyota Lancruiser also killed in the bombing.  It would have reach a retiring million Km mark with proper motor oil, transmission oil and gear cases maintenance. It will be missed by the local dealership & mechanic.	0
"2:24 guys. I made the list!

Also: loved the green screen effects. Cubehead always stepping up his game ??."	2
I tried it with an already jumbled cube, no it didn't work..Even it got messed up even more lol and I did absolutely as instructed ??	0
Seeing young kids behind him cheering is just insane	2
"1- Tell me about yourself
2- Why is there a gap in your resume?
3- What motivates you?
4- Why are you applying for this job?
5- Walk us through your resume
6- Why do you want to work here?
7- Why are you the best person for this job?
8- Where do you see yourself in five years?
9- What interests you about this position?
10- Why are you a good fit for this position?
11- Tell me about how you dealt with a tough challenge?
12- Why should we hire you?
13- What are your weaknesses?
14- Tell me about a time you went above and beyond.
15- Tell me about a time you reached a goal.
16- Why did you leave your last job?
17- What are your strengths?
18- What are you most proud of?
19- Describe your current job?
20- What is your management style?
21- Tell me about a mistake you made
22- What are you passionate about?
23- What do you know about our company?
24- How did you hear about this job?
25- What are your salary requirements?
26- How do you deal with pressure?
27- Are you open to relocating?
28- What is your ideal dream job?
29- Why are you changing your career?
30- Do you have any questions for me?"	1
Thank you simplylearn for explaining Machine learning in the most precise and ambient manner. I have been wanting to learn machine learning since a long back and today i scouted for your video. this seriously helped me learn The basics of machine Learning. Once again Thank you so much	2
I build 2 or 3 bed defences one of them is very good the rest are covered with wool but the bed is under the wool	2
"I did my undergrad in Computer Science and I'm finishing up my MS in Computer Engineering. It always drives me nuts when people ask what I do and then assume either is just ""programming"" or ""software engineering"". I try to explain it like this: Computer Science is centered around mathematics(computational science) and problem solving; developing algorithms and optimization. Programming is just a means of applying mathematics and problem solving techniques to problems. Computer Engineering is focused on the development and design of computer systems. I always get a reaction to my code from the guys that took Computer/Electrical Engineering as undergrads. Because they, generally speaking, are simply trying to make X thing work, and I am trying to make X thing run as efficient as possible. You can take several different paths to become a coder, but there's very different mindsets developed across the different disciplines. Anyone looking at going to school for Computer Science should understand this. You are learning to be a problem solver first, coding is secondary. Anyone can learn to code. But, being a master problem solver is what will set you apart in life and your career. If you go down this path, you are going to be doing far more math than coding, and at the end your undergrad you will realize you barely learned how to code. You will have to spend countless hours after graduation learning coding concepts, libraries, and frameworks. But, those problem solving skills are what will allow you to put all of that to use. I hope this helps someone understand what they are getting into."	0
"Hermosa eleccin  sexoporn.cam
de los mejores conciertos?
22:22 Senada: ""Hermoso""
22:22 Megan: ""Hotter"" 
22:22 Hopi: ""Sweeter""
22:22 Yoongi: ""Butter"" 
22:22 Amor: ""Momentos""
22:22 Alfiora: ""Preety""
22:22 Alana: ""Awesome""
22:22 Joonie: ""Cooler""
22:22 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no 
puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla,se que estuvo sorprendente zifn?? 15:55 Son unos
de los mejores conciertos
"	1
If you watch it clearly you can see that theres two boxes	1
Hi, I have a question. I am currently doing a master in mathematics with a focus on ML and statistics, but mostly theoretical. How could I transition to becoming an ML engineer. Is it enough to learn how to implement these models in Python or is there something else?	1
Thank you, Dame Iris Murdoch, for everything.	2
Happy bday Preston and chase, Im a huge fan	2
Ive ALWAYS wanted to try this in Asia but havent gotten the chance to since i started doing this after the pandemic but next chance I get Im going for sure and doing a whole day there!! ?? thanks for even more inspiration Mike!!! Youre the best ????	2
Thanks a lot for this course. Can you explain the relation between Inferential statistics and neural network models?? both can be used for predicting outcomes. Please do explain me in detail.	2
This was absolutely priceless and brilliant !! this really made my day. Thank you ! Great narration too ! Thanks for making me laugh ! In the car as a bishop with a rook key ring. Hahahaha . I love you Japan !	2
My life is complete knowing that gibi has used one of my examples lol ??	2
"**Summary**:
- machine learning is the general term for when computers learn from data
- there are lots of different ways (""algorithms"") that machines can learn 
- the algorithms can be grouped into supervised, unsupervised, and reinforcement algorithms*

- the data that you feed to a machine learning algorithm can be input-output pairs or just inputs
- supervised learning algorithms require input-output pairs (i.e. they require the output)
- unsupervised learning requires only the input data (not the outputs)

- here is how, in general, supervised algorithms work:
- you feed it an example input, then the associated output
- you repeat the above step many many times
- eventually, the algorithm picks up a pattern between the inputs and outputs
- now, you can feed it a brand new input, and it will predict the output for you

- here is how, in general, unsupervised algorithms work:
- you feed it an example input (without the associated output)
- you repeat the above step many times
- eventually, the algorithm clusters your inputs into groups
- now, you can feed it a brand new input, and the algorithm will predict which cluster it belongs with

* the first example in this video used the k-nearest neighbor algorithm, which is a supervised machine learning algorithm

Hope that was useful to someone!

Thanks for the video, really enjoyed it!! :)"	1
Peter Leko is a very sweet guy in the way he speaks ??	2
Game pass has been a great service for me I love all the games that come day one that save me so much money by not having to even buy them its great.	2
"Wow I'm impressed, think they've set a new bar with that spec and it being a 42"""	2
All you guys bring me happiness and joy to my days when I watch you.	2
Zozo Faz um Video Sobrevivendo 100 Dias Como um Gato e tera de Enfrentar C?es Esqueletos que s?o comandados por seu Irm?o mas calma que n?o  seu irm?o da vida real se voce tiver um Seu irm?o Gato diablico conhecido como Scrath.	1
Channel Monotiz Ho Gya Yes No	1
Excellent ???	2
Great sound and vibe. Reminds me of mid-80s college radio.	2
This guy sweating bullets like he's a guilty school kid in the principal's office. She nailed his ass to the wall. THAT is what an actual journalist does. Bravo!!!!	0
?????????? ??? ????? ???? ???????	1
"Chandler: gets out roller coaster 
Also chandler: comes back on the roller coaster 5 mins later ????????"	1
Now Please react to NACHORE NACHORE song of Jr NTR yamadonga movie ( Ss Rajamouli direction ) Sensational dance moves by NTR at the age of 24 ?? in 2007. I bet you won't regret after watching that song .	2
Got 1.0 score when C=4 for iris data set. Thank you Sir! Your machine learning Playlist is a boon for beginners like me.	2
where is the fun?	0
i think that eric is a tremendous teacher; really enjoy watching him explain stuff	2
School of life has made my insight in philosophy  so much wider.	2
Can we all appreciate how good of a cubist he is?	2
"""My code works. I have no idea why.""
""My code doesn't work. I have no idea why."""	0
"That's not arrogance
It's called Self respect !"	1
It's so funny to just watch them randomly move pieces with no concept of popular chess strategies and openings lol??	2
I appreciate your honesty about the power of being an influencer.	2
Feridet abi video ?ok gzel olmu? ellerine sa?l?k devam? gelsin ????	2
"""""""""I Respect every one who were involved in this, seriously the best piece that I've ever seen on YouTube, hats off to well all  ! Love your videos  ????????????"	2
I LOVE IT SO MUCH AND IM HAPPY THAT WE HAVE A WITH YOU GUYS BYE	2
*Ginagawa kong pampatulog sa anak ko Ang mga kanta na'to. Salamat po ? Ang galing nang kumanta ??? Ang himbing nang tulog nang bby ko ??*	2
"Q: What's your biggest weakness?
A: Job interviews"	0
sometimes i come here to sleep, sometimes i come here for commentary, sometimes i come here for gameplay. you really have it all and i love watching someone whos passionate abt what they do and is as much of a geek as i am! keep up the incredible work :D	2
Problems sempre alegrando nossos dias	1
Wonderfully structured answers for common questions. Thank you for sharing your knowledge with us. Fingers crossed to all applicants and good luck with the interviews :) I have a few myself :)	2
Yeah huntsman spiders are relatively friendly, but still kinda scary. Daddy longlegs are what Lannan's talking about (they're super venomous, but cant bite people and they eat flies)	0
thank you!	2
Nadler shouldn't be allowed to drive much less wield power.	0
Real estate will just be one of the dead markets tied to the collapse of everything though.	0
I think it's really a testament to your explanation skills that the Schrodinger equation seems like it's the obvious solution once you've seen it. It was, of course, not obvious, even to Schrodinger himself. The time and effort you must put into these videos is astounding, and I thoroughly enjoy watching them. Great work!	2
What a life this man's living, while helping those in need of help. Kudos.	2
The most surprising thing for me is that I have always been interested in AI but did not know what computer science classes to take to follow this through. I ended up taking a fundamentals to data science class this semsester and it taught me much of the Basic AI algorithms that you mentioned.  I guess luck is on my side lol	2
Thanks for all the great work you folks do.	2
Microsoft does the same thing Ray. When Microsoft bought Bethesda elder scrolls six will not be on PlayStation it would literally be a Microsoft exclusive. Both companies have been doing this for years its nothing new to me	1
Queria ser conhecido no YouTube minha famlia passa por nessesidades ??	1
Great effort Matthew. You never cease to amaze me with your ideas always seeming too top the previous.	2
Ssoyoung should open a restaurant where she sells food that she eats in her videos. I would honestly eat there.	2
Insta: https://www.instagram.com/subtristt	1
Honestly cant wait for the camera testing you do on the pros. As a iPhone 8 user anything will be an improvement though lol.	2
For ur information this is an fact that Jrntr is also known as Epitome of Acting.Jrntr respectively known for his acting and dance.	1
I literally can't miss any second or I'll miss an entire civilization	0
One of the people that inspired me to do artificial intelligence in areas that matter. Without Coursera I would have not gotten where I am today. Thank you for this conversation Lex!	2
The beef brisket with the hot noodles look delicious ??	2
Less than halfway through the video and it's already one of the best-explained quantum physics videos I've ever seen.	2
"Girl, I just love you!!  You are so fun to watch, and to hear what you have to say.  You are the type of person, people are drawn to, I believe.  So glad you had an awesome trip.  I always wanted to go ""whale watching"", in Alaska.  Can't wait to see more of your videos..Keep up the awesome work!!"	2
jimmy you're literally the best. never stop being you.	2
Dear Richard, I would like to say a huge thank you for your awesome videos! You have helped me to pass 3 stages of the Interview Process, and I got the job! My Team Leader told me that I was the best at the interview. No wonder, I was so well prepared thanks to you! All the blessings to you and please continue your great work! I am recommending your channel to all my job-seeking friends (as I once received recommendation to watch your tutorials from my US friend). Love from Poland! <3	2
First time in my life that I had to prepare for an Interview. Im 44 in a very competitive industry. It felt like my last chance. Between you , (and other content creators ) I passed 3 hard interviews back to back and got the job. Thank you and everything you do.	2
#7: Diversity of options, man you can work on so many things as a programmer. Super exciting fields like games or movies. There are jobs in solar and basic betterment of mankind. Or like, Facebook and Google for money.	2
imagine just randomly digging in that area and finding mrbeast lying in there with bottles of piss	0
?? ???? ???? ?? ????? ??? ??????? ??? ??????? ???? ?? ??? ????? ?? ???? ??? ???? ?? ??? ?????? ?? ??????? ?? ?? ??? ?????? ?? ???? ?????	1
I used to see this guy on every space and universe documentary in the 2000s. Glad he's still going full swing.	2
"Alex Jones defense might actually be brilliant. ""I didn't do it on purpose""

Look at the lawyer he hired, sent the prosecution all the evidence they needed. ""I didn't do it on purpose""

He lied under oath ""I didn't do it on purpose"".

I mean he's clearly guilty of torturing the victims of an elementary school shooting, his choosen defense is the only option that had at least a 1% chance of working.  (But ultimately him hiding his own money so he can declare bankruptcy defense is much stronger, the old white man defense)"	0
I never even heard of the royal variety and I love Quinoa.	2
Super useful! I wish I had this when I was doing SATs. <3	2
Great presentation - Love the actual gameplay footage and variety of games. Very grateful for Game Pass, love this service!!	2
They all looked great and delicious.  I love dim sum and cooked some up today.  Some of the dumplings that I never have had were the soup dumplings.  Omg.they are absolutely awesome and delicious.  Cheers Mikey.  Another great video	2
"Nice! But you did not touch on the fact that Troy (Wilusa) had allies. One, the Hitite empire. They found a
bunch of clay tablets, writings between the two governments asking for military help from an ally."	1
As a student looking for a portable workspace this is perfect for me. I already have a supped up gaming pc so yeah. Shame about the lack of dual display, really was a bit of a bummer. I went for 16gb/512 in silver, cant wait :D	2
Bro baby mod play pannunga pleash	1
The main reason I like Alex is because she is genuinely interested in people and pays attention to them when they speak, tell stories, etc. Very rare nowadays IMO.	2
Now I know that programming can't be learn in 8 minutes	0
You have to look at actual history before judging a leader evil. Vlad Tepes was retaliating for what was done to his country, he is rightly judged a hero.	1
Riesen Kompliment an die Coder. Ich hab noch nie sowas gesehen mit so vielen verschiedenen Attacken und computergesteuert. Einfach genial ??	2
Hey Tee I feel good energy over here ! Food looks delicious! New subscriber! ??	2
This is awesome! I cant believe theyre doing it as they have no real monetary reason to do it other than consumer good grace.	2
Really nice video. I am a current data analyst at a large tech company, hoping to become a ML engineer eventually (similar to a google software engineer whose capable of everything in that chart). Love the content, keep it up.	2
Kleppler is pure genius he has a way to engage folks without them knowingly being insulted. Simply fascinating.	2
Love the Pilots to the Rescue story! Great job folks!!	2
That was a perfect show of great sportsmanship hats off to both the players	2
Personally I feel like this is really out of touch. Most students won't be able to afford these. In case anyone needs it: I believe Dave2D's back to school video are honestly the best ones I've seen on the topic. Consider checking them out too before making a purchase decision.	2
you complete my day and me happy  mr. beast ...even though im a little bit sad ryt now... you really amazed me because you are awesome handsome inside and out... :) keep it up mr beast and your team .. be safe always	2
I love both of your room	2
When it comes to investing, we want our money to grow with the highest rates of return And the lowest risk possible. while there are no shortcuts of getting rich , but there are smart ways to go about it	2
I tried attempting Cs50 when I was 14. Man, it was a roller coaster. Some lessons were extremely easy to understand but some were hard for the small mind of a 14 year old. Fast forward, 3 years. Im attempting it again and am currently on my 7th week :)	2
I love this adventure Steve.	2
This takes by one get one free to a whole new level	2
"Hey Erling. Paralegal here. I saw the end of your video, but would still recommend getting an attorney to help with handling this suit. Lawsuits are not fun in any way (unless your the attorney/firm) and they cause an unimaginable amount of stress. My parents were victim of a certain suit and it really followed them everywhere and lingered in the back of their minds always.

Moreover, if the other side has an attorney, they have the advantage of knowing how the system works, such as what needs to be exchanged during the discovery phase (Rule 26a dislcosures, interrogatories, evidence you intend to use at trial, depositions of plaintiffs, defendants, and expert witnesses, etc.) and when to make appearances for compliance meetings with the judge. 

I truly admire your resolve to stand your ground and defend yourself. Just be careful with how you proceed. Pay attention to deadlines and what needs to be done. Also remember it's a legal system and not a justice system. 

This is not legal advice, just a concerned fan. Lawyers or other legal professionals, please correct anything I may have overlooked/unintentionally misconstrued. 

P.S. I think the service (the guy who threw the papers at you rudely) was fine, unfortunately. You identified yourself. Once that happens, they can just leave it at your doorstep."	0
just study early. do practice questions and understand the structural similarities between the questions. my biggest regret was not studying for it. i got a 1190. luckily, i get automatically accepted into UCF as a top 10 knight so we chillin	2
03:09:15 you came for this interview.	1
Everyone says we need more people like him but never says we need to be like him	1
Having just studied machine learning and coding for it, this is a great, simple and logical explanation in common conversation.  Well done!	2
These videos are awesome, man ! If I may ask, what do/did you study ? I, myself, am studying computer science right now and I can say that these videos are really helpful for someone who is in doubt about what they want to do. Keep up the good work ! :D	2
Lovely and funny video	2
"THIS is the kind of content that we need. Calling out trash markets and helping people find honest answers, doing the side-by-side comparisons they can't do. Thanks for this! Glad to know the Rove R2-4K I got as a gift is not far from really the peak in the market and is ""good enough"" if not overpriced a bit."	2
Ahh yes its BIG BRAIN time	2
I always appreciate your level-headed , no-hype approach to the markets and macro economic picture. When newbies swarm to crypto in the next bull run and have to decide between all the click-bait Bitcoin boys, THESE are the kind of videos that should reassure them that you are the real deal. Thanks for your hard work and integrity here.	2
A ?ngela Basset como rainha de Wakanda, dizendo que perdeu tudo o que tinha, em referncia ao eterno Chadwick Boseman, foi impactante demais. J estou contando cada segundo at a estria.	1
Sou f? dos filmes ?? de faroestes USA desde a minha inf?ncia hoje tenho 76 anos . Mas poderia serem legendado em portugus todos eles aqui para o Brasil por favor. Muito obrigado ?? ??????????????????	2
Moneybagg yo what can i say i knew this guy was going to be one of those guys.  Hes getting better and knows how to make a hit now and dances on features	2
Ben almanyadan izliyorum seni canim melisim ?? bizde okullarda aral?kl? tatiller oluyor, ?u an ?o?u b?lgelerde yaz tatili var okullarda yani 6 hafta olarak en uzun tatil oluyor, bu yzden ?ocuklu aileler bu aylarda arabayla Trkiyeye yolculuk yapiyor ??	2
Its amazing to see how much u have grown as a person that has been watching since 1.3k subs and im still loving it bro keep up the good work	2
"As one vigilante once remarked: ""When you want to hang a man, one reason is as good as another."""	1
Andrew and his jokes???? This is what makes his personality so great??	2
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
"
y`i

"	1
Legends still thinking how to move 11	1
I like to see man utd fans happy. theyve been thru a lot they deserve it	2
The one gentleman said that Nostradamus is unique in prophesying three Antichrists and that religions have one, but even the Bible tells of more than one in 1 John 2:18 Dear children, this is the last hour; and as you have heard that the antichrist is coming, even now many antichrists have come. This is how we know it is the last hour.	1
I love how these guys are out here making the forts that we all wanted as kids	2
Tava lendo dias de um futuro esquecido e chega isso, esse filme tem tudo pra ser bom, linda homenagem, WAKANDA PRA SEMPRE	1
This should be an interesting video. Im also going to be very curious how this machine fares against upcoming MBP M2 models.	2
I feel like crypto would fit my play style. Surveillance, a way to really throw off and make your opponents vulnerable, plus he got DRIP	1
"To everyone who's studying with this music:

Checklist: 

? A bottle of water, at least 1liter. Your brain works better if it has enough water and drinking helps you to concentrate??

? Your charger. You sometimes don't even notice that your device's battery is going down, so better have it plugged in all the time??

? Your headphones. You will be able to focus more with headphones, because it blocks background noises. Also, if it's a late night study session, you won't wake up anyone??

? a tea or coffee. Coffee keeps you awake, green or black tea can make you feel more awake as well.?

? Your study/work stuff:  your laptop/tablet/phone , a few pens, paper or whatever you need.?

?Anything else you could need, what about a heat pad, a blanket, a good lamp, your pet so you have a study buddy ??


Reminder: After an hour, you should stand up and walk a bit around. Better stop the music or put on different music for the break. Open your window, even if it's cold outside. Fresh air will make it better, trust me. 
You could also lay your head down on your desk for ten minutes and listen to a podcast. Or, if you have to read a book, listen to the audiobook of it. You can also listen to the audiobook while doing another thing, that's even better than listening to music while reading the book. (?`???)

I hope y'all had a good day, if not, that's okay too. Remember to take care of yourself and try to get some sleep tonight ????

And remember if you're going through anything hard, I'm here to listen and talk to you, ik I'm just a stranger but I'm human too <3 you can reply or we can chat on discord if you're not confident talking here. ?


    Love you stranger, .........?"	2
I love his voice ??	2
Hi Sir, I am having 12 years of experience in infrastructure management. Now I want to switch to Data science field. No prior programming experience. Is it OK for switch? Which technology to learn ? I want to switch in management role.	1
This is literally the 1st time I have watched anything from CNN in maybe 10 years.??	2
I got the same PSAT score and had that same omg I need insane scores to get in moment but with Princeton lmaoo. I have a 760 reading and 650 math hopefully Ill be able to get my math up by December 4th????	2
anh lm clip t?u hi l chnh hay l?m.Chc anh nhi?u s?c kh?e v ra clip nhi?u v ch?t l??ng h?n	1
"Controversial Topic I know, what's your take? ??
To check out my Best Phones of 2022: https://youtu.be/0i4z5tqRzPg"	1
Don't scare us like that, Jon!  I'm glad you're back in front of the camera!	2
Super informative thank you for all the info! I just switched majors from CS to I.T. And thinking of Pursuing a masters degree in data science. Do you think that the masters degree would make of a difference early on and for entry level roles? (Salary wise) Overall im just kind of trying to figure out where to go from here haha	2
Virginia Woolfs A Room of Ones Own inspired me to read and write. There was something about her piercing words that changed my perspective about many things. Im grateful for her talent, sad about how much she suffered in life.	2
The news portrayed this guy as insane when this story first came out. Very good interview.	0
Subscribe to the clips channel for fresh clips daily!	1
I loved when you take a glance at Mark listening to Leonard speak because he just has the biggest smile on his face. You can tell how much respect everyone has for each other and their individual interpretations. This was a phenomenal listen and I cant wait for more.	2
The Apple we have now is much larger than the Apple Steve inherited after they nearly died. I dont think they have too many products but I agree about them dragging along some models like the watch and TV HD. Apples current path is bringing new customers to the Mac that would have stayed on Windows. Simple functionality can mean having the ports a laptop needs and great battery life.	2
As fun as these videos are, I do want to give a certain amount of warning to HS students. Just because you have the grades, scores, letters of rec, essays, and extracurriculars doesnt mean youll be accepted into these schools. I was denied to all of my colleges despite having a 3.8/4.23, a 1490, and being on a nationally recognised robotics and rocketry team. I even did robotics research in HS at a university, applied to the university, and then was denied from that university. So much of it is just an arbitrary lottery, its hard to truly know.	0
Thank you sir.  That's how an Attorney General does it. ?? ???? ??	2
The funny thing is every single item on the map could probably have a full-scale map of its own.	2
An en el 2022 sigo escuchando est majestuosa y celestial canciones de este artista Roberto Carlos like si la escuchas an en esta poca	1
"""One of the best thing about this dude is that he never takes credit of his own accomplishments , he always respects his audience and his teams, and he is polite in all of his videos. We congratulate ourselves on our accomplishments this video is so amazing"""	2
I'm from Tennessee and frankly I'm quite disappointed y'all put Memphis Ribs over Nashville Hot Chicken. It's literally our staple food at this point considering how big Hot Chicken has gotten.	0
Thanks for watching! What does your data science path looks like?	2
So everyone who couldnt afford college will have to pay for those who didwhy not make college affordable in the first place?	0
Our greatest concern is that Biden remains in office for another five minutes.	0
13:50 this man folowing rp rules is a legend	2
"1. Learn the fundamentals of Maths
2. Basic knowledge of Computers
     2.1  Learn the basics of a programming Language (e.g. R or Python)
3. The most important thing: LEARN STATISTICS ! It's by far the biggest part of data science. Machine Learning is 80% Statistics.
4. Build little projects and try to connect something with a database
5. Don't be overhelmed of all that new technology stuff. Nobobdy knows everything and you don't need everything too."	2
First of all, thank U so much Edureka for helping me out in my studies. It was such an amazing video. ? Secondly, want to know why U don't have any link to the power point of the lecture. Personally it's very difficult for me to write down everything and make notes. Could U plz share the PPP as well ? ????????????	2
I started my career in the food industry as a shelf stocker at a grocery store. Then was promoted to Merchandiser then to a Buyer. A vendor later asked me to join them doing sales. Fast forward to today Im 36, still doing sales but now in the seafood industry, and make about $150k gross annually. Not bad for someone that didnt go to college. Find what youre good at and work hard at it. College isnt for everyone.	2
I first heard this in the car with my mother and my sister, on a small obscure radio station. We had no idea what it was and we laughed so hard we had to pull over. One of my favourite memories.	2
This song wants to make me tell my parents they can sleep in my room if they're scared	1
'anyone can be a data scientist' - that's the gist of this lecture.....What it requires is a combo of math stats n computer science skills topped u with communication and management soft skills.....Data is the new thing from which physicists, engineers, social scientists can draw n infer conclusions based on past history or some kind of logic.......And this is the best time ever for fast processing of loads of data........Right time to be data scientist! You can work in any domain! Good introductory talk??	2
This song is sooo underrated it was slept on- no pun intended	0
Subscribe! You could be in a video :D	2
Pami?tam jak robi?e? co? za 10 z?otych i drugi za10000 GPlay jak odpalam micrayf do przychodz? spomnienia ija by?em w horwacji szkoda ?e masz takislaby pokuj ale b?dziesz mia? lepszy	1
??????	2
lol love all the sibling love ?? your relationship is such a gift not everyone gets to enjoy	2
Abbas Ansari jindabad Mukhtar Ansari jindabad	1
"imagine being gordon ramsay's son or daughter and walking into the kitchen seeing him making some food at 3 in the morning. And you ask him, ""Dad, what are you doing?"" ""Oh i'm just making a snack."" The next thing you know, he's whipping out his beef wellington"	1
What would it look like if we met the extent of the knowledge God allowed us to know? It would be like we were contained inside of a realm, like a bubble and so one part of the bubble is connected to the next part of the bubble and it is all connected but we can never know what is outside of the bubble to know how the bubble truly works because we can never be outside the bubble. When pressed against the bubble we can see a bit ways outside of it to see that we are inside a bubble, like finding balance between the left and right side of a bicycle. God set limits of the ocean and of the mountains and of the thickness of our skin and since He will always know more than us He has set limits on what we are allowed to know. But it is a good thing to flesh out all the areas we are allowed to know to make use of them.	1
"The good thing about this is we will know exactly who to blame and hold accountable for the violence if it manifests.
GOP and *rump!"	0
"business 101 course main timestamps

intro 00:00
business definition / overview 00:08
understanding profit 03:26
understanding stakeholders 06:16
understanding resources  08:11
understanding business types 12:16
profit related decisions 18:02
buying materials 21:03
understanding business logistics 30:18
understanding target market 34:30
understanding sales 40:44
funding your business 43:53
raising capital for your business 46:46
people management 54:39
customer management 1:11:10
understanding branding 1:15:37
business finance 1:23:27
assets, liabilities, and owners equity definition 1:27:34
income statement 1:30:29
financial ratios 1:31:27
business process 1:32:27"	1
"As inflation soars and the economy slows, be sure to thank your local Liberal member of parliament or your local NDP member of parliament.

Because inflation is the DIRECT result of Liberal federal government monetary policy, with such policies shamelessly supported by the NDP."	0
31:00 Shimanov sure looks a lot like Fedoseev to me?	1
Luke is the kind of guy that kinda looks like a jerk but he is making everyones day	1
"I like the clips where someone makes one of the better plays I've seen and the announcer is like ""that is definitely one of the best plays this weekend"" ??"	2
Learning to avoid high interest debt while also learning how to put your money to work for you by investing is a very powerful combo (especially when you learn young) The earlier you start investing your money and putting it to work, the more time compound interest has to work its magic on your portfolio. This is how I'm going to achieve early retirement and it's possible for everyone. All you need to do is learn and start.	2
Am I the only one, or does anyone else enjoy how he dives straight into his content? No preamble, no monologue; almost instant startup!	2
"????A vida  t?o bela!...
Alis, o nosso Planeta Terra tem criaturas t?o esplndidas, dizendo por outras palavras, t?o Belas e graciosas. Eu amo tudo o que  constitudo o nosso mundo, desde uma pequena rocha, uma planta  e todos os seres como estes t?o delicados e belos. A Vida sem eles n?o somos nada... 
E a Vida  t?o Bela... ????????"	1
"Shoutout to my OnePlus phone and Huawei laptop for getting me through university feeling premium for MUCH less. Bonus ups for Ikea's articulating lamps ($20 and I can see all my homework incredibly well without eye strain), the old door I refinished to use as a desktop, and wired earbuds under hardware store earmuffs as my ""noise-cancelling headphones."" And the same 2 sets of Hanes underwear from target for also lasting the whole ride."	2
Lyrics of Jaani are just lit..with vocals of Stebin just lift it??????	2
If there is truly a way I can play marvels spiderman 2 on my Xbox series s when It comes out I won't save up for a ps5 cause I low-key don't want to work so hard to an over priced ps5 for pretty much one game	0
That score for the Kang Dynasty and Secret Wars Avengers movies gave me serious chills - what a time to be alive.	2
This man is the most underrated artist of our times. A classic like this never gets old.	2
That pretty much solves my problem. Gonna buy the latest 13 pro. The green color is gorgeous.	2
My grandfather actually played with Bobby regularly in 1956 at the West Orange Chess Club in New Jersey. They played on the same team in inter-state tournaments. I found some of my Grandpas old letters and its pretty cool. He won multiple chess championships (some amateur and some professional) in the late 40s and early 50s. He also was involved in a few professional chess clubs and magazines. He was born in 1909 and while I like to think he taught Bobby a thing or two to help him gain his immense success that year, its likely the 13 year old schooled my grandpa. My grandpa quit chess in 1957 to turn professional in bridge because it was better financially (chess tournaments didnt pay well back then). Though, he probably played teenage Bobby enough to know he stood no chance in the future. If a 13 year old made a multi-time champion quit the game entirely, he must have been truly special. My grandpa could card count so I dont think he had a problem switching to bridge, and became a national life master in bridge and had a successful career. I never got to meet him because he died before I was born (Im only 23), I wouldve loved to ask him about Bobby. Maybe my mom knows a bit more. All I have are letters and a few chess trophies. Its very hard to collect information from the early 50s.	2
1:50 made me feel that tingly feeling between my eyes it was perfect.	2
I have to say it after watching this video it feels like the journey you're on this year has been effective. It simply feels like you're enjoying life and its what I enjoy most about watching your videos. You manage to pass that joy on. Just the musings of a random stranger. ??	2
This video, like many of your others, has really resonated with me. It has simplified what previously seemed intimidating and difficult to understand: money management and its very basics.	2
"I - OVERVIEW : 0:08


UNDERSTANDING PROFIT : 3:26
WHO ARE YOUR STAKEHOLDERS : 6:16
WHAT ARE YOUR RESOURCES : 8:10
DIFFERENT TYPES OF BUSINESS ORGANIZATION : 12:16


II - DETERMINING YOUR PRODUCT OR SERVICE


DESIGNING WITH CROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAMS : 14:46
MAKING PROFIT-RELATED DECISIONS DURING DEVELOPMENT : 18:02


III - MAKING AND DELIVERING THE PRODUCT OR SERVICE


BUYING THE MATERIALS
 : 21:04
MANUFACTURING AND QUALITY ASSURANCE : 25:50
TRANSPORTATION AND LOGISTICS : 30:18


IV - SELLING THE PRODUCT OR SERVICE


KNOWING YOUR MARKET
 : 34:30
REACHING YOUR MARKET : 36:36
MARKETING AND SELLING : 40:44


V C FUNDING YOUR BUSINESS


HOW MUCH FUNDING DOES YOUR BUSINESS NEED
 : 43:58
RAISING CAPITAL : 46:46
WHAT TO DO WITH SALES REVENUES : 55:55


VI - LEADING AND MANAGING PEOPLE


RECRUITING, HIRING, AND TRAINING EMPLOYEES
 : 54:44
MEASURING, MOTIVATING, AND PROMOTING EMPLOYEES : 59:11
MANAGING EMPLOYEE RELATIONSHIPS : 1:03:22 
ENDING EMPLOYEE RELATIONSHIPS : 1:07:41


VII - DEVELOPING AND MANAGING CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS


MANAGING CUSTOMER DATA
 : 1:11:14
CREATING AND MANAGING YOUR BRAND : 1:15:37 
PLANNING FOR THE FUTURE : 1:19:47


VIII - UNDERSTANDING YOUR FINANCES


DEFINING ACCOUNTING
 : 1:23:32
UNDERSTANDING ASSETS, LIABILITIES, AND OWNERS EQUITY : 1:27:34
UNDERSTANDING INCOME STATEMENTS : 1:30:28
UNDERSTANDING FINANCIAL RATIOS : 1:31:27


IX - INFORMATION SYSTEMS


UNDERSTANDING BUSINESS PROCESSES
 : 1:32:27 
MANAGING YOUR RESOURCES : 1:36:20
MAKING BETTER DECISIONS : 1:38:46"	1
Also remember: If you got a good SAT score but want a better chance at earning merit scholarships & grants, apply to some schools that accept lower SAT scores than you have. You have a much better chance at earning great merit scholarships vs at top schools where you'll be competing with a lot more people with similar scores. That's what I did and I'll be graduating debt-free from my university! Save that money for grad school or buying a house.	2
1D isnt just a boyband, they are *HISTORY*	2
Did you get another phone call after THIS video went live? ??	1
*Cant believe its been years. Sitting alone in my living room hiding from the coronavirus while blasting this song out loud! What a song!*	2
Ordinarily speaking, I knew hes capable seeing so many recommendations thanks for coming through	2
This administration is starting to remind me of a time in history called the taxation without representation TAXES TAXES TAXES. (BIDEN AND HARRIS. )	0
I lost in four moves to my 5 year old son  once. I felt very humbled, and a bit foolish. He was beaming with triumph at having defeated his dad at chess.	2
Excited for future episodes, it's gonna get better from here.	2
Can we all agree that Chris make these videos much much funnier ??	2
My favorite mukbanger is back he's a really neat mukbanger he show us all his recipes so we can enjoy the deliciousness ourselves hats of to Gong Sam ??????	2
"Trop bien ???? SPL 3 !! Franchement j'ai trop h?te de voir votre let's play et tout ??  comme pour SPL 1 et SPL 2 ^^ 
en tout cas vous tes les BEST ?? road to 2 millions ??"	2
You should try the Big Tasty from McDonalds in the UK when you get a chance and if its available. Honestly its heaven. And the Chicken Legend is exclusive to the UK :)	2
"Bonjour ma belle  je suis toutes vos vidos je suis fire du travail norme que vous faites en nous encourageant  devenir des entrepreneurs. Je voudrai  me lancer dans ce genre de business commander une  machine  glace, une machine  pop-corn, une machine  barbe  papa et une machine  muffin.
Je vis au  Gabon et suis gabonaise, comme j'ai vu dernire fois une vido dans laquelle vous avez accopmpagner une dame  acheter des machines en Chine j'ai t impressionne et cela m'a encourager  ma'dresser   vous."	1
Waiting we are kerala teams we love vikram vedha tamil movie madhav sir and vijay sethuparhi sir now waiting this combination  heavy team	2
These are dark days, when an individual can cause this much damage to a country!	0
I dont think it was aliens. They didnt travel through space with advanced technology to build rock monuments. I think their would have been some metal in there.	1
Hands down one of the best boosie interviews, hes always keep in it real real ????	2
When I started in Computer Science I was surprised how many of my classmates didn't even like to code.  They saw programming as at best a steeping stone to their real career.  My CS coursework certainly never taught me much programming.  My best teacher was my library of Plum Hall books.  In my case a professor liked my code and recommended me as a research assistant which was my first computer job.  The position was supposed to go to a CS grad student and I was an undergrad music major.  My research areas were mainly data compression and pattern recognition.  I was within a stone's throw of finishing my music degree when I realized that I met the requirements for a CS degree so I ended up graduating with a CS major, music minor even though I had 3 times as many hours in music as CS.  In my case I didn't program for long. Even though I enjoyed coding my bigger interest was systems and that is the direction I went after graduating.	1
I'm so happy that you started giving courses on machine learning. I appreciate your clear teaching style.	2
"Hermosa eleccin 18kissx.uno  
de los mejores conciertos ? 
22:22 Senada: ""Hermoso""
22:22 Megan: ""Hotter"" 
22:22 Hopi: ""Sweeter""
22:22 Yoongi: ""Butter"" 
22:22 Amor: ""Momentos"" 
22:22 Alfiora: ""Preety""
22:22 Alana: ""Awesome"" 
22:22 Joonie: ""Cooler""
22:22 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente zifn ?? 15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ??"	1
"*12:42*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
I respect to everyone who wear involved in seriously the best piece that ve every seen on YouTube hats off to well all i love your video ??	2
Great video keep them coming	2
Trump files motion.  Judge falls out of chair laughing.	1
Hands down one of the best explanations of basic photo editing in lightroom I have ever seen. Simple, to the point, enlightening. Especially what to do where and why. It  helps you leave the 'basic' tab more often and with confidence. I have seen many tutorials, but watching this turned on new light switches of understanding. Thanks!	2
It's official. I'm opening a school like this if I'm rich when I'm older. Or maybe even if I'm poor. I really don't care, I just want a school like this.	2
"I can't believe this
Solving this cube for the first time in my life
It took  4 days to solve it through this tutorials 
Now i can arrange  it and i know every moves correctly,Thanks much cubastic 
I couldn't believe that one day I'll solve it all alone 
Live long??"	2
The moment jaby said that ostrich ran into a wall....it straight up reminded of that kevin hard ostrich video??????????	1
Video Part 2 : https://youtu.be/kgPT9_TLxEk	1
it's high time Apple puts the periscope lens on it's pro iPhone lineup!!! 15x zoom is not at all drool worthy.	1
It's April 2021, and it's still on repeat. Never going out of style for me anyway. I love this song.	2
Its been 7 years and Im gonna need that enzyme puppet show now... ??	1
I love how all the Bonnie's are generally polite and aren't just out for the kill.	2
Ratsasan is ratsasan...I mean original is original no one can defeat originial ????	2
Also it may be wise to learn MATLAB to a fairly advanced level before doing ML. The jump from basic Python to ML is quite a big one,  I was not able to make that jump and got fired from my job because of it. You must know how to populate matrices by row and column, take the average, etc. A basic Python course won't cover these things, but MATLAB courses are more specific for the type of things you will be doing as an machine learning engineer or data scientist.	0
A batida dessa msica  t?o nostlgica. ?	2
Me, going into chemical engineering but still a literature nerd: watches this entire thing for no reason	0
Cant wait seeing him under oath asked how much money hes taken to promote scams. Hes digging his own grave on this one.	0
That's the second movie that I am watching that is not complete to the end it doesn't not start from the beginning either, please do something about it, but they are very interesting movies.	2
This was so fun to watch!	2
Czekam na godzinny odcinek z bobo ??	1
Pat being HR pretty ironic.	1
6:41 Russell Westbrook Need this ! ??	1
Lad is out here doing gods work! Love the videos btw!	2
To summarize: if you don't make a cheap and fast prototype for your game, then your game is an overdeveloped prototype. And good luck with that!	2
"i love the idea of just shooting paint in the scenery,
that alone was enough for me to love the franchise,
i'm glad we already have a third game!"	2
My daughter made it through her first week away at college. They been parting and getting to know everyone. Blessings to Eli on his new journey.	2
"Your turning speed seems like you finishing the cube in 2 seconds but 





Imma just lyin"	1
This made my day. After a long challenging day these are just the relaxing nostalgic sounds I needed to wind down. Thanks for another masterpiece, Helynt. Keep up the amazing work. Many blessings.	2
Bless your soul. Man, you are a time saver, rather than doing a time consuming note reading, I just listen to you and it's already summarized!	2
Love to see the squad back together ??	2
I still feel kinda bad for Thor, he lost everything because of Thanos, Hela and Malekith. His brother, mother, father and brother friend are all dead.	0
lol in school i literally thought i created a pattern ??	1
Three weeks in and the table is unrecognizable.	0
The bass line in the beginning really giving me shivers	0
"Dont lose your queen in 10 moves
Me who gambited my queen in 11 moves: *yeah, this is big Brain time*"	1
One question I have is will Ten Hag play Casemiro when he joins United? Or will he stick to the 2 greatest midfielders ever played football Mctominay and Fred?	1
I'm a foreign teenager, I enjoy watching your videos a lot, especially the ones about literature. It's so easy to understand every word and the meaning of every sentence, I'm extremely happy that I discovered you. Could you make a video about Edgar Allan Poe? I just started reading his stories and want to know more about him. Of course I'll read the biography in my language but you make some very interesting points, which is the reason I ask you for it. Thank you.	2
"Sounds like a great way to develop PTSD, anxiety, and panic disorders. 
You'll end up with issues if you didn't start with one."	0
I love this movie a lot. I can't sleep without hearing rajinimurugan songs. I am a big fan of sivakarthikayan and keerthi suresh.	2
I love all the other idol songs, but I gotta say: this song is the one that feels the most like a CELEBRATION. It has a cultural festival quality to it	2
The amount of hardwork you put in your video I can't say , you are amazing	2
I'm  Samsung ?? safe not interested in Apple or Facebook  good luck	1
Man the Grid Studios is my favorite tech. That is definitely something to get. I got it on my Christmas list this year. I like the remarkable until I see the price tag, that's the remarkable part they can get away with selling it for prices that rival apple products.	2
"Those who can make you believe
absurdities, can make you commit
atrocities. D Voltaire"	0
They will be so happy with you so cool I appreciate you being so awesome to the animals you take such good care of them?????	2
Thank youu ??	2
"xJ

V|S"	1
Hello sir u r one of the best teacher for data science for me , sir i would like to know that if I want to join a company abroad for remote internships and ppo what will be the good options so i can learn also and get to know the market also at the same time having hands on experience..	2
"0:00 intro
6:36 Allergy testing
17:08 reaction application
19:04 arm clean up
20:44 treatment options"	1
"0:20 Monster Hunter Rise: Sunbreak
4:06 Nier Automata: The End of YoRHa Edition
5:36 Loreleo and The Laser Eye
6:26 Super Bomberman R 2
7:04 Megaman Battle Network Legacy Collection
7:38 Pac-man World Re-Pac
8:16 Blanc
9:16 Return to Monkey Island
11:06 Mario + Rabbits Sparks of Hope
14:00 Little Noah: Scion of Paradise
14:39 Railgrade
15:14 RPG Time: The Legend of Wright
15:50 Sonic Frontiers
17:06 Disney Dreamlight Valley
18:08 Live A Live
18:44 Doraeomon Story of Seasons: Friends of the Great Kingdom
19:21 Minecraft Legends
19:51 Dragon Quest Treasures
20:52 Show Reel
21:45 Portal Companion Collection
22:23 Harvestella
23:56 Persona 5 Royal, Persona 4 Golden, Persona 3 Portable"	1
The food looks so delicious and it looks like the both of you are enjoying the meal. Thanks for another great video. ??	2
never getting tired of this - great extension!	2
You should make a quadruple tree house bunk beds	1
I LOVE THIS MUSIC ?? ?? ?	2
Great video my friend! ??	2
"Drumline (Full Movie)?? 
[LINK]??? https://youtu.be/U5Qhr_qvTH8??"	1
_   ,   !_ ???????? _    !_ ????	1
BTB no defrauda. Suena maravillosamente, me encanta. Muchsimas ganas de que salga el nuevo lbum	1
Amazing energy, He makes me actually want to cook, his enthusiasm is contagious and this just pasta and simple stuff, can't imagine the level of passion he exudes on a complicated dish.	2
Whats the best choice investing in real estates or crypto? Because I have been thinking crypto seems to be one of the most promising at the moment.	2
"Computer science has to be treated like all the other science based subjects such as physics, chemistry or biology.
It's a shame most schools don't take CS as a serious subject."	0
Inspiring, transparent talk! ?	2
"Ghosts the next day: ""omg guys MrBeast was in the building last night!"""	1
"Well, I have finished watching it, and I found it really useful. Here are some lessons I learnt.
I don't have time = It is not a priority
Time is a choice, it is elastic.
We have enough time, almost all of us. Make the experiences enjoyable, such as, you can read or listen to a book while commuting. 

Get rid of things that take away most of your time on a daily basis. 

Focus on what matters and you will build the live you want"	2
Your channel has truly changed my life. i've been studying and researching about crypto for a while now and i got stuck at some point on the learning curve. now i can say I'm truly improving my understanding of this whole new world and making great profit weekly, all thanks to you??	2
Pag member po ba ng 4ps ay di pwedrng makakuha	1
"Instagram
- Sahee: @ijoa0605_sahee
- BiBi: @bibixsiyulho"	1
"Great! Sir, Can you  elaborate something about plotting the hyperplane (the decision function) in matplotlib
I want to see the best line which classifies the data"	2
Congratulations on 2 years of game dev awesome progress over the years	2
This is the reason why your name is Skip the tutorial	1
it's almost like ancient cultures were made up of actual people who in many cases knew exactly what they were doing even if they didn't understand the mechanics behind it.	1
"A minor correction, bitcoin is *not* anonymous; it is pseudonymous. All transactions that have ever occurred since Bitcoin's inception is permanently recorded on the public world-wide ledger. There're no names and identities associated with each transaction but it doesn't mean someone can't figure out who made those transactions with some research. In fact, there are already tools to help assist with this.

Given that fact, using bitcoins for illicit transactions is ill advised; fiat cash like dollars and euros is better suited for that purpose."	1
Damn!! I'm Pakistani and I've been to Pakistan, not the Northern part though. This series has got me excited for when I travel there next time. Thank you for being so respectful Sonny, you've got a subscriber for life. <3 :D I love our culture, food, dresses, and our land. The way you and your team portrayed it is beautiful.	2
The worst part is that those private pictures between the doctor and parent were actually looked at by other people BECAUSE of police investigation. By their actions, they turned it into what they claimed it was.	0
"Depends also on what you define as rich. I don't mean that in a philosophical way either, just that living standards vary greatly from person to person. If you need to have a mansion, a yacht, and 5 or 6 super cars then it's a much greater challenge. Also, what are the time horizons? Is your goal to be ""rich"" before you turn 30? Or can you wait until 45? or 50? Because something else they didn't mention in the video is investment, compounding interest, passive income, etc."	1
"I just finished college, all these years of schooling have been mostly miserable. 

Now I spend a lot of time learning things on youtube for fun and out of curiosity."	0
Wow. This guy is such a remarkable minister and a breath of fresh air in a political scenario filled with religious politics and limitless screaming at each other. Tamil nadu citizens made the right choice.	2
Mace messed up this time he signed with Snoop OMG	0
"For all highschoolers and University students having midlife crisis. Computer science is fun since you get to build stuff that doesn't yet exist or build something that you use and make it a lot better. Computer science is the study of computers involving complex algorithms and you'll be looking for stuff on the internet and stackoverflow alot. you don't have to memorize everything like a computer but you have to know how to make a computer memorize and process the information and perform the activities that you want it to.



- CS undergrad"	2
"interesting news since Russia is advancing on every front right now.  Even Ukraine's own map shows that.  Sure wish these ""experts"" would actually tell the news for once"	1
When he says he's a 400 year old beer wizard, I believe him.	1
But you was outside of melody house screaming and hollering in the rain ????????	1
I love how Apple is now just always playing catch up with Samsung. Samsung first had like 4 or 5 models of each flagship phone, whereas Apple just had 2, the small one and the big one, now they have 4 different models. Samsung decided to go with a hole punch in the screen for the selfie camera, and Apple decided to screw everyone with that ugly cutout at the top, now they're going with a hole punch.	1
Something I've noticed about alien spec bio things is that I don't often see structures analogous to fur or feathers on the critters. I wonder why?	0
Oh imagine when they get those sound wave extinguishers in giant sizes to catch the forest fires real quick. The people, animals and homes saved would be amazing. Not to mention the forests as well. What a brilliant invention. ??????	2
Just saw this came out, can't wait to hit the sack in a couple of hours and fall asleep to it. Thanks so much, love your videos.  ??????	2
"""O mal n?o pode criar nada novo, s pode corromper e destruir o que as for?as do bem inventaram ou fizeram."" J.r.r. Tolkien"	1
This is great amazing lecture! one question though about the baby walking: isn't it very hard to quantify the data points (synaptic firing) a babies brain accesses when learning to walk? - if we don't fully understand the brain and neurological connection, how do we quantify and compare the training data between the human brain and AI?	2
I feel like every time he mixes up a hard puzzle and doesnt solve it, I come a bit closer to dying	0
"Chris: *Finds literal sword that could potentially be worth hundreds*
Appraiser: $25
Weddle: *Finds cardboard box*
Appraiser: $30"	1
"Guys is there a chapter 22 or it ended at 21 
Jungkook is really hard working and perfectionist he want to go on stage matter what happens to him 
He is turning 25 very soon ?? he grew up ??"	2
Though reminding ourselves of the horrific times in the past might console us to get through this pandemic, you can't deny that the definition of 'catastrophic' is different for everyone. The inequalities are huge. The rosy picture you showed is probably in developed nations. People have lost jobs, lives, dignity, even democracies. Each time period has its own set of limitations and challenges, ours is different.	0
The fact that n3on calls everyone poor but he always wears the default in fortnite	0
Its never easy to lose a child, nor is it easy to lose a sibling. Richard, Mary, and Theo- sending positive thoughts your way. RIP Henry.	1
"(Please turn on English subtitles!??)

?? ??? ?? ?? ????? ? ???!!??
Much more delicious. The food is little bigger!!??
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Instagram?https://www.instagram.com/gongsam_table/ 
facebook?https://www.facebook.com/GONGSAMTABLE203
TikTok ?https://www.tiktok.com/@gongsam_table 
bilibili?https://space.bilibili.com/549639445 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------"	2
The two major nuclear disasters happened because of 1 incompetence (Chernobyl) and 2 natural disaster (Fukushima). As a British citizen I would say, that on the most part, we are very capable of preventing those two things. Weve wasted 30 years of nuclear understanding and fine tuning in my opinion, lets get those plants running baby.	0
S? tch chi?c bn t?i th?n k l c th?t nha ae =))	1
Dude the british kid went from an annoying kid to an absolute chad in the span of a few minutes honestly props to him for trolling with soup	0
Definitely a good sign that these tests are worth the paper theyre printed on when people are more focused on min-maxing time spent per question without even reading the passage, as opposed to engaging with the content as it wouldve been covered in class. Way to go College Board!	2
I kinda want that $5 hotdog now.	2
The transition from 6x6 to 7x7 was great!	2
Dr. Joe is absolutely brilliant, life changing. I've been doing the meditations for 3 months now every day and can really feel a difference. I was very stressed and suffered from anxiety and this is just beyond amazing. Thank you Joe, thank you thank you thank you, need more people like you on the planet	2
Most student loans are MUCH HIGHER than $10,000;  they simply want the debt slaves to continue paying.  No payments does NOT mean no interest;  interest is STILL accumulating!  FREE	0
Her name is not Kulberg and shes not married.	1
As a final year computer science student, I still barely understand Np complete but this explanation is super useful! Its like abstraction.	2
This is what would happen if you gave a schizophrenic a camera and a bag of mushrooms and told them to recreate the evil dead. I can feel my brain cells dying.	0
"I'm not done listening to the episode,but I'm already  inspired  by what this lady is doing. However, how can I get hold of her and where can one study this life coaching thing ?

THANKS BRA SBU KEEP INVITING SUCH PEOPLE IN THE PLATFORM IT'S INSPIRING FOR US YOUNG PEOPLE ??"	2
Just as a point of order: he didn't 'accidentally' harm or kill millions of people. He (and others) knew the consequences of their actions but was prepared for others to py the (ultimate) price for his pieces of silver. Greed is, and will continue to be, the downfall of mankind.	0
Wow, that miniature Cyber Quad seems like a better ATV than the real one, perfect for Urban Areas and Trails	2
Edith Finch is leaving, wow. That game has been on gamepass since up first launched if I'm not mistaken. I had just figured it would be a permanent title. Great game if you like story and want something you can beat fairly quickly for achievements.	2
Always love your shows Ran the Man!!!!	2
Kane has proven without a doubt that he truly has serious talent when it comes to storytelling and world building. I cant wait to see what he has in store for us later down the line. Glad to see youre still keeping up with the series, Ryan!	2
A virus interacts with its environment, uses energy and reproduces, but viruses are argued to be not living organisms. Maybe this is because they can't independently reproduce, they require the cellular machinery of the host cell to manufacture new viruses.	0
guys I need more tips for reading. Sometimes I get 13 wrong questions and other times I get 22. How do I remain consistent with just 6 days left for SAT?	0
I'm enjoying your tutorial a lot, but a side note: I think its recommended to invoke pip as python -m pip because it is more portable. Having recently had issues due to Windows10 and trying, naively, to just invoke pip on its own I thought it would be worth mentioning, especially since this is aimed at beginners who might struggle with issues like that. Cheers!	2
Wow I've been reading about this stuff a lot but always had difficulty wrapping my head around it.  I did the tensorflow demos, but was unable to understand it well enough to try something on my own.  He explained it very clearly and cleaned up a lot of my misunderstanding.  Thank you so much for sharing!!!	2
so much practice and talent	2
Bro when that lady hyped up Kendricks new album I almost died ?????? She does not strike me as the type to listen to kdot.	0
Towing people is literally all I do in GTA rp. Its too funny, especially when theyre in the car when youre towing it.	2
I'm doing ict in highschool and our teacher showed us this video in class. I find game design very interesting and I wish to pursue it in the future. I just wanted to thank you for making informative and entertaining content like this. You're inspiring people to take up game making.	2
"THANK YOU my english teacher once told my class, ""take this Edgar Allen Poe story and find 10 symbols"". If we didn't have 10 we were failed and the most anyone had was 7.  They then told us about the ""symbols"" we missed and none of them made any sense! One was that cat represents the devil because the cat died."	1
"As far as ""shoot to kill"" goes, we're trained to aim for center mass of the body. This lessens the change of missing. 

However it's actually better to severely wound an enemy soldier than outright killing him. The reason being that now others (who could be fighting or otherwise engaged in some valuable task) have to care for and transport the injured soldier thereby using up resources and personnel. 
As cold as it sounds a dead soldier becomes a supply problem."	0
"This is a Indian airforce... 

Professionalism is in our culture????"	1
Enjoyed this video. Makes me wonder how much history was lost by the Damming of the Three Gorges Yangtze River.	2
35 mins in, i am absolutely engrossed & loving the concise breakdown. Much love!	2
I'm in bed, kinda sick and I really needed this to feel better, thank you Ozley <3	2
"00:00 Bad Habits
3:48 Shivers
7:25 One More Night

11:02 See You Again

14:52 Stay
17:10 Easy On Me
20:40 Dance Monkey
24:05 Girls Like You

28:20 Kings & Queens
31:00 Memories
34:04 On My Way
37:17 Peaches 

40:35 Shake it Off
44:35 Don't Wanna Know
50:37 Love Yourself

53:25 Cheap Thrills
58:00 One More Night

1:01:47 Don't Let Me Down
1:05:20 Shape Of You
1:09:20 Kill em with Kindness
1:13:00 No Tears Left to Cry
1:16:40 10,000 Hours
1:19:24 We Don't Talk Anymore
1:22:49 Treat You Better
1:27:10 Cheap Thrills
1:30:24 Beautiful People

1:34:00 Bad Guy
1:37:51 Meant to Be 
1:41:15 Let Me Love You
1:44:40 Old Town Road  
1:47:05 Happier
1:50:30 Symphony
1:54:01 7 Rings
1:57:00 Copycat
2:00:09 Breathin
2:03:21 Bellyache
2:06:47 God is a Woman 
2:10:39 Sweetener
2:14:00 Sorry
2:17:23 Sign of the Times
2:23:00
2:39:35 God is a Woman 
2:43:25 Sweetener
2:46:00 Sorry
2:50:10 Sign of the Times
2:55:47
2:59:27
3:05:20
3:08:30"	1
You can't help someone who refuses to help themselves.	0
Esse trailer e acredito que o filme tambm,  uma grande e linda homenagem ao Chadwick Boseman que infelizmente nos deixou t?o cedo, que descanse em paz nosso Rei ????	2
Cant wait for ios 16 ????????	2
Criminals are gonna protect other criminals. That's how it works.	0
"The irony of his show being called ""Reliable Sources."""	1
"That truly is a cooking masterpiece.
Zach, you are such an expert, I wish I could meat and eat with you one day in my life!"	2
Slap's like an abusive relationship	0
"Good video. These are the kinds of topics and discussions the gaming industry needs to need to be having now. Publishers, developers, the media, and gamers themselves. 

Have to throw one in though. For every game with a yearly release, I also have to point out games with decade or more release cycle. How long between GTA 5 and 6? Fallout 4 and 5? Skyrim and Elder Scrolls 6?"	2
??????	2
Great to see you including a wider variety of stuff in these videos beyond just electronic devices, especially the pharmaceutical industry. If you're going to include banned medications then the top of the list in your next video should be Thalidomide. What it did was absolutely tragic, it was banned decades ago yet people are still suffering and living with severe disabilities to this day. Thousands of families destroyed and lives lost too.	0
Man these all these trick shots are so dope. Wish I dailys be like you guys in the future	2
The people that are making the threats need to be locked up!	0
This isnt a song, its a memory	1
A slightly lighthearted story, but one time me and my roommate were driving in an unfamiliar area (somewhere outside Sydney, Australia) and google maps told us to take a small backroad. It looked fine and it was paved and everything, and it was significantly shorter than the alternative route. Only our plans were thwarted, because shortly after turning onto that road we came to a tractor, and it was moving really really slowly in front of us. We couldnt turn around either because the road was too narrow and there was a metal fence on one side and a steep hill on the other. We literally just had to slowly drive behind this tractor for almost the entire length of the road, and it took about an hour.	1
Bonjour Madamme moi je suis du Sngal mais jaimerais investir sur quelques choses mais jai pas beaucoup dides pourriez-vous maider  concevoir un projet	1
Your intro never gets old ????	2
"""The computer couldn't comprehend his self-sacrificing move""

Yeah because kings can't move into check."	0
She is a lovely lady. Glad I found her.?? I am also a Literature student and I love it??	2
someone wanted to take him out but ended up hurting him one million times more.	0
I love that Sammie boy has admitted the only reason his videos are like that is because he gets tons more views ??	2
On the series x I hate how if you have a enhanced game saved somewhere other than the internal or the hard drive for the back it will always want too update the same games over and over	0
Your nail tapping  has the most unique sound, but the quality of your ASMR is what stands out the most, it is by far one of my essential cant live without nightly routines	2
Dan managing to set up his soldering station on the one box they needed was incredibly amusing to me	2
I actually LOLed a few times watching this. You perfectly described a person's first experiences with game dev and Unity pretty well. Most people's are worse than your experience because they have no programming experience and dont understand anything going on at all ??	0
Get the ANSWERS to all of the interview questions in this video >>> https://passmyinterview.com/21-great-answers-to-tough-interview-questions/	1
Great video! If everyone was as great on YouTube as your delivery we would have a lot more passion in the area. Keep up the good work, train on!	2
Nice loop ??	2
good one!	2
9:12 for scarlet and violet coverage.	1
22/08/2022. Nostalgia de Respeito e Maravilhosa, Voltando Exatamente Pra 2018. Melhor Clipe Infantil da ?poca. minha Sobrinha adora visualizar Esse vdeo, muito Engra?ado!!!????????	2
I just cant stop listening to this song.i used to make edm beats back then but i diverted.Tietsto has put me back on track. This track has been on repeat for two days in a row	2
KARL GOT PROMOTED FROM CAMERA MAN TO BEST FRIEND LOL	2
This is exactly why I respect game developers, I once made a simple arcade game with a bit of coding with C# and I swear I almost put a hole in my monitor because the code wasn't working the way I wanted it to. But when you finally do get the code to work... What you feel is almost indescribable	2
i like how he stand on the generator when he has inf iron and inf diamond and inf emerald	2
Dan the man. Saving the day. Riley needs to give him his own theme like Brian the Electrician.	2
Poor Keith, my buddies have his class currently and although his class is difficult he seems like a pretty chill dude.	2
So happy to help inspire you Hailey! Love the final look ?	2
This game looked really good. Im a non Xenoblade fan and checked out this direct and I gotta say it genuinely got me interested in the series. Ill definitely check this out if I can buy this game	2
Smart kid. Not many figure out the art of business rite off the rip this kid will be successful	2
thank you so mush for the advice i tried all of your hacks and they actually worked well anyways thank for the advice	2
Mi?ego ogl?dania wszustkim	1
This is the best quick explanation of machine learning I have seen to date. You covered the first few weeks of the course extremely well and concisely. I shared with all my friends to get them more hyped about machine learning!	2
I preordered this and I didnt really notice much of the original issues but I think thats because I was just enjoying the gameplay and I was mainly playing handheld on an OLED but its always good to see developers going back and fixing things to improve the game	2
Drop one that's half an hour long putther. Upload one where you're killing griefers in many ways from riding the train to using vehicles you don't normally use to trolling. ??	0
melis burnunun ucundaki da??tamad???n far? g?remedin mi ya krize girdim ben burda clc?lf?f?d	1
The first one is an AR Rahman composition again sung by Mohit Chauhan.. This is from the movie Rockstar.. Mindblowing album!!!	2
What a roller coaster of emotions hearing your story. Im amazed at who you have become and at your journey. What happened in your past is certainly horrific however, your passion for being better and perpetuating positivity is all we can hope for from all people in society. There might be hope for this world??????	2
Una sugerencia para el port de Android,deberas agregar lagos y mares con agua realista pero buen juego	1
"""I think we killed them.""
""Huh. Ya don't say.""
Caught me off guard."	0
*I like presidents who DON'T try to steal classified nuclear documents.*	1
I'm quite impressed that you managed to avoid mentioning entropy while discussing the annealing approach and the pheromone approach. I once tried to explain pheromone optimization to a friend of mine who wasn't familiar with using entropy to backtrack a search, and I simply wasn't able to explain the process. Well done!	2
George is always saying how yummy everything was, so when he said it tastes like S#%T!. I almost fell off my chair! LMFAO ??????	2
The invite's darker colors could be for the always on display	1
Watch till the end for the twist! ??	2
I actually like watching these two, because of them I am getting fitter and thinner every month and I am loving my diet result so far and they are like my motivation reason, I know it's odd but watching others go fatter I became skinny myself because it makes me want to be healthy looking. ??	2
I wonder who Simon is supporting. It is hard to tell. I wish all players the best of luck in the next round.	2
when is this man gonna get sponsored by sprite already	1
Thank you for your incredible videos!	2
Hey Mark, I really love all of your videos but this whole Spain series is definitely your greatest work as of today in my opinion. I actually built my holiday around some of the spots you visited during this trip. Keep up the great work. You really inspire a lot of people. Cheers?	2
This song makes me feel really good, I feel a magical feeling and I feel like I want to go on an adventure...what a great song	2
Why did i genuinely smile when they were being nice to eachother and laughing together	2
I swear the old people laughing with finger waves is one giant acid trip	0
You call it arrogance, we Tamilians proudly call it as intelligence.	1
This guy is so poetic while hes exploring this foreign port of Minecraft, its so fun to watch! He speaks with such enthusiasm like one of those audiobook narrators that read books out loud to you, I really admire that.	2
"This was known by literally every nation in the world. If you're dependent on other nations, you are subject to their whims.
Most important of all is food and energy independence. 
*Looks at EU moves to remove food independence as well.*
Hmm... You know? When you remove others' independence, you are supposed to make them dependent on *you.* You aren't supposed to weaken yourself."	1
"Had to double back and say, I thoroughly appreciate these kinds of videos.
I'm glad Apple is not longer making products thinner for the sake of being thinner, risking thermal head room and bater capacity. Yea it's nice to have a thin product but not at the sake of performance considering the price."	2
Wow, what a great course with an awesome professor.  He goes way beyond teaching the mechanics of statistics but makes distinctions and asks thought provoking questions that really help you crystallize in your head what you are trying to do.	2
"? Preview - 0:00
? Sponsorship - 0:26
? Gameboy Colour - 2:24
? Off-brand Xbox Controller - 5:39
? Ps5 Controller - 9:20
? Mini Keyboard Thingy - 12:41
? Ps4 Controller - 15:11
? Gameboy Advanced - 19:20
? Chunky Off-brand Controller - 22:32
? Ps3 Controller - 25:58

Your Welcome"	1
AVATAR looks incredible..  Bullettrain looks alright. Brad Pitt is a great comedy actor??	2
The way he was crawlin??	1
I love nutty history, its 100% better than Horrible History! Keep this content rolling, we cant get enough!	2
legend says that chris still has the sword to  this day	1
Given Nintendo's track record with moves that make sense, they will use this feature sparingly as they did with cloud gaming and file transfers.	1
So nice songs ????????????????	2
This is such an amazing song!! You literally never let anyone down with ur hits ??	2
Qu charla tan genial e inspiradora. Yo tambin soy desarrolladora y estoy empezando en este rea para mi tesis y me ha motivado un montn ver a alguien que ya est en el tema y que le augura un futuro tan prometedor!  Adems, estoy totalmente de acuerdo contigo: el esfuerzo nunca traiciona y estudiar es el catalizador ms eficiente para lograr el xito. Gracias por haber subido el vdeo!	2
Ty Montgomery coming out party this season.	1
I grew up with this song??still good	2
"A shame how quickly vapes went from a ""better alternative to cigarettes"" to ""public heath hazard and under scrutiny"""	0
"Ive always loved chess even since I was a kid but I always found it too hard to remember the moves and rules when I was younger but being older now Ive rediscovered how much I love it and this video really helped me get back into the swing of things and was also really informative, Ive subscribed and Ill be checking out your other videos to help me along the way
Thank you :)"	2
Its literally scary seeing how Candy can barely stand on her own and shes still doing mukbangs. She has such a sweet personality, it hurts to see people destroy themselves like this	0
I love good SAT scores!! I'm sure I can still do a lot in these final two weeks. Thank you for this video!	2
"I think cephalopod intelligence is hard wired. An octopus has a very short lifespan, as little as 18 months, and has to learn everything from the moment it hatches completely on its own.

Its mother died before it emerged from the egg, so it is born an orphan. This has huge implications, because despite being intelligent it has no mentor to learn from.

Its also a mollusk, so in a way its a slug with awesome superpowers.

Theyre fascinating animals."	1
"Okay, this gonna be a long one, sorry about that.

I'm French, and there's an interesting fact about France, it's that we are brutally honest. Most other people don't like that, so we are called arrogant, rude, obnoxious, but we are not, we are just honest, and people don't like honesty. When we are considered high in the list of nations where spouses cheat on each other, it's not because we cheat more than you, it's just because we honestly answered the questions. You're probably wondering where I'm going with that.

Well, I was reading all the coments about women being mean to each other, not staying friends with each other, yada-yada-yada, and I can't relate. At all. Because it doesn't work like that here. I still know a lot of female who were already friend in High School (and I'm 40), whenever I see my mother, or my Girlfriend, or my Girl Friends, they are just friendly.

I dunno, it's probably only on screen, but the number of time I saw in TV shows or movies a group of girls being friendly, then as soon as one leave, they all turn to bitch on this one; that's something I never saw in France. They bitch on her while she is here, and she doesn't take it badly, because she does the same.

So I was wondering, why is that ? Why are they still friends if it's different for others, then I realized, because we are honest.

My female friends won't hesitate to look at each others and say ""Wow girl, you look like shit today"" ""Didn't you put on weight recently? Maybe you should work out"" and for me, that's a healthy relationship.

Why does American males manage to stay friends ? Because they trash talk each other, because they are honest, because they say things as they are. Yeah, sometimes we have fallouts, but we mend things,.

Why can't female American stay friends ? Because they are sneaky, they lie, ""Ooooh, you look gorgeous girl"", ""You are so strong, I envy you"", while not thinking any of that. Sooner or later, in any relationship based on lie, the truth will come out, and it's not going to be pretty."	0
Practice is key!  Know the most common interview questions,  drill them over and over (until you're sick of hearing your own voice) and know exactly how to connect your experience directly to the job description of the job you're applying to. Good luck to everyone with an upcoming interview!	2
"Todava es muy pronto para un crossover de DC vs Marvel.
Tranquiiiiiloooo Dwayne, no tan rpido.
Es cierto que a muchos fans frikis nos encantara este crossover, pero para m es pronto. Primero que hagan muchas pelis de DC, tantas como ms o menos Marvel y luego ya veremos si se podra hacer ese crossover.
El da que llegue ese crossover, si es que lo hacen, la vamos a flipar seguro."	1
Thank you so much ssundee for making daily videos! You bring me so much joy in this whole pandemic.	2
Thanks a lot for these clear explanations.  I am keen to master all that stuff more in-deph.	2
Love how you make videos for non-cubers too! I hope it will make more people into speedcubing<3	2
But this series is great, you can repost it in the next time. If possible, please add subtitles to the video!	2
PTR is the best finance minister we ever got, so clean and honest. He is making Tamil Nadu proud on every stage????????????	2
Lil Mama is so slept on. She is full of talent.	2
Me, as a European, am always so surprised about the drink sizes in the US. How can the smallest soda be 651ML!! That would in the Netherlands be enough for the entire family!! (I mean in Japan they have 1l and 1.5 liter packages but they are clearly to pour in glasses and share, they aren't portion sized...	0
I really dont have any of those skills but Id love to help in any way I can, I admire everything you do, even if I dont get a job I really appreciate the opportunity to even possibly work for you, keep up the good work sir.	2
This video is really good and legit. I do however want to point out that you can still accomplish huge things in game design on your own or with a small team this day in age. There are incredibly powerful tools available for cheap and even free. The learning process to build an entire game is long, and difficult. Especially if you're thinking of an rpg. In my experience, single player games can be done fairly simply with alot of knowledge and experience, multiplayer games are a stretch to even try(alone or with a small team). But don't let the reality beat you up. If you really really want something, you can make it happen. I've been making games with blender and unity for nearly 6 years, and have prototyped/concepted my own rpg 5 times. Only now in 2022, am i confident enough to build the official version. But I've done it. I've learned enough to make it happen, and you can too. (Knowing is one thing, then you have to put in the years of hard work that still exist to bring it to life). CREATION IS KING! NEVER GIVE UP!	2
RED STONE IS WITHOUT DOUBTS A STAR  STUDDED ACTION FILLED THRILLER MOVIE.  NOT SEEN ANYTHING NEAR THIS IN MOST RECENT TIMES.	1
1:27:09 Ehh, this line was pretty dumb. The game engine, Unity, has nothing to do with how the game feels when controlling. My apologies for this one!	0
Dont care if it is a remake or not, if Hrithik Roshan is in it. ????	2
Hey Avanti, youre really helpful to a lot of people including me. Thanks!	2
The ancient city but has to be the coolest thing to happen in a manhunt, and is the perfect example of why it was added.	2
Thank you for this movie I know it's going to teach me a great learning lesson on life	2
Bob's commentary makes everything better	2
*I love how pierce and kim emptied zane's laboratory out and just left the cobwebs in there at the end*	2
Honestly he is a good guy when he aint in a mood	2
"Borola Billy'i a?a?a atar ve Billy
""Sen ?imdi naneyi yemedin mi"""	1
Chc ch r? nhi?u s?c kh?e v ra nhi?u video hay h?n ?????	1
Honestly, for me at least, knowing that there will be another opportunity really relieved my test anxiety and I ended up with a much better score than I predicted!	2
"Summary:
1. Try obtain a consistent 7-8 hours sleep time per day.
2. Try match your schedule with your circadian rhythm, don't force yourself to wake up early or stay up late.
3. Use a melodic alarm.
4. Don't 'snooze' at all.
5. Physical exersice, exposure to bright natural light during daytime.
6. Hydrate yourself 
7. Contain caffeine intake, preferably avoid caffeine intake 6 hours before bedtime.
8. Eat healthily. Avoid eating before bedtime.
9. Regular exercise, though avoid it before bedtime.
10. Napping before 3pm, preferably with length of a complete sleep cycle (~90m)
11. Warm shower before bedtime.
12. Avoid alcohol after evening.
13. Sleep in a dark, cool environment.
14. Put away gadgets from bed.
15. Don't lie awake, get up to do something and relax yourself.
16. Don't check time when you're awake midsleep.
17. Develop a healthy, consistent sleep schedule.
18. Value yourself, don't ignore your health or mental issue, seek professional help if you need to."	1
Their FLOW on this production is ??????	2
This is an excellent lesson and I love how the teacher explains it so it is easy and fun to learn.	2
"When the first Xbox came out, it had some awesome games on it. A decent amount of games. As it evolved, games started fading for the system. It gained way more power etc each time but lacked games with each update lol.

Now we have the ultimate series x. Microsoft figured since theres no games for the system for real, they gave it the ability to play pc games as well ."	2
I have watched all of Daves standups MULTIPLE times ! He is so funny !! I cant get enough ????????	2
"""Pain and suffering are always inevitable for a large intelligence and a deep heart. The really great men must, I think, have great sadness on earth.
D Fyodor Dostoevsky, Crime and Punishment"	0
Dude, the algorithm has blessed me with this wonderful video. 10/10 you earned a new sub	2
"That white lobster looks like its shell is made of opals, and in most pictures here, the Akhal-Teke Horse's fur to me looked more pearlescent than golden.
Truely stunning looking creatures, one and all of them."	2
Blessed day V and Alvie watching from Monterey County California another amazing mukbang again saraaaaaap! Stay safe and healthy. God bless.??????	2
"High school students who want to go to STEM majors in college should watch your videos. You cover subjects in-depth with practical examples. This is what is lacking in the majority of career/major prep videos on Youtube. The other channels would say ""you need to know math"" but are not really specific like you. It would be interesting to know how many students saved time and money by not having to switch majors because they picked the wrong major in their freshman year. Thank you!"	2
The good ol memories of the OG Xbox and 360 startup. Ahh, good times.	2
"Hello, I have a question related to your area of studies chart, If I study a degree In Computer Science and then I study a Data Science Master, In your area of studies chart, I would be on Computer Science, on Data Science and analysis or in both (this doesn't much sense I think)?


Thanks a lot, I enjoy your videos!!"	2
"Trump in 2024: ""I can stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and sell nuclear secrets to the Saudis and I wouldn't lose any voters."""	1
I got an older version of the Ideapad Gaming 3, with a 1650 but with a Ryzen 5600h, and a 512gb ssd. It's an amazing laptop, but I bough it at the time last year for $750, not a bargain but a well balanced laptop for work and gaming	2
This owner was one of the only one that I was on his side the whole time.  He was not egotistic, not in denial, accepts all the criticisms and opened to change.  He needs to be saved!	2
Man I love seeing old media predict the future correctly, they even showed the lack of joy all gamers have.	2
The opportunity to return all of the documents was on the table for a year.  I'm sure that was the stated reason for warrant execution.  That stated, if, in the course of searching for the documents, they find evidence having to do with the coup attempt, they have every right to sieze that too.	1
Im all in on an hour long live! I love that we can interact with you in real time.  ??	2
anh c th? tch ci piano ra ring 1 video kh?ng ?,nghe cu?n qu ??	2
I love how she says that it is poison in the right dose, instead of the wrong dose.	2
As a comp sci student, I find it interesting how you explained this, but rather than teaching I would more describe it as evolution. You know, like only the strongest, or most fit for whatever task, survive till the next generation. Just like in real life, birds might not know why they fly south, only that they do so every year, same with the bots and their tasks. I think explaining this way (at least for me) is easier, because bots dont learn they evolve through the generations.	1
It's i7 version is great once it comes around 80-82k price	2
They did a damn good job with this sample. Beat goes crazyyyyy	2
"15. Spin Launch - 0:15
14. Graphene - 1:59
13. GPS 3 - 3:33
12. Floating Farms - 4:53
11. Edge Computing - 6:21
10. Self-Healing Concrete - 8:11
  9. Hydrogen Fuel Cells - 9:36
  8. Satellite Constellations - 11:02
  7. GPT-3 - 12:17
  6. Connected Homes - 13:33
  5. Lithium Metal Battery - 14:46
  4. 3D Printing - 15:59
  3. Blockchain - 17:14
  2. Fighting Fire with Sound - 18:27
  1. Quantum Computing - 19:39"	1
So wonderful to see that guy love his Dad so much that he wasn't even disturbed with his Dad yelling at him, recognised that it was apart of his Dad's growth as a manager, and got so excited by it happening!	2
Senators are making money with all the cooperations, handing money to them to get their way. But If Americans might benefit, well that is a different story isnt it?	1
"""Trees never ask for a lighter burden, only for broader shoulders"" 

Now that's an inspirational quote."	2
Can we all agree these videos are never disappointing ??	2
the guys screams for help when the boats spawned had me dead????	0
Hello Tasha,Steph,Eli, Rhonda and viewers. I love when Rhonda is on. I know I'm going to enjoy the video as usual. Enjoy your meal and day.	2
4:00 HAHA Brent had me laughing with his airport airlines??	2
Audi says she will s really beautiful but he hasnt even seen her?????	1
Regardless of what you think about Chris, you can't deny his talent. This boy produces pure fire in the booth	2
I think fancy premium packaging would be cool, but I like the fact that they are trying to be less wasteful in comparison to other businesses.	2
"THIS IS THE GREATEST VIDEO EVER MADE ??
Well done Dude Perfect, Bryson & the full team"	2
I always love listening to Prof. Kaku. He always does such a great job at explaining difficult concepts in ways that can be understood by the interested layperson like me and his passion and enthusiasm are always contagious.	2
Magee always manages to frame his questions with great clarity,  but without condescending to the putative audience, who are assumed to be reasonably intelligent and educated.	2
"?? ??? ???? ??
???? ????? ????? ??
???? ????? ?? ????? ??
??????? ????"	1
I was just thinking about this theme and how to play it and here it is??. Go Lisa and Pianote. You guys are awesome ??	2
I'm sure that Bitcoin will grow again and pump my Bitfinex bag soon	2
I love you and your books Mr. Kaku?? I'm almost clueless when it comes to physics but your books are so well written that I could understand the concept to some extent. I am easily hooked on reading every line in your books because they all are intriguing. Thank you and wish you everything ??	2
Keep it up bro youll blow up like this, i love your humor and editing and also your story is so cool, i am excited about your game	2
Brother god bless you	2
Please Aryan next part 2	1
bruh i had this on for 18 mins and couldnt sleep my sleep schedule is wack	0
"""Little does he know it takes an hour for full charge"""	1
41:32 ah ?n tri h? logia nn r?i t? trn cao xu?ng ko m?t mu nh?ng n?u ah g? ci n?i t?i c?a h? logia ik th l?i l 1 c?u chuy?n khc :)))	2
Hello, friends.	1
Ooops, pushed again into another alternate dimension?! I wonder what this one will be like?	0
Thank you for the recommendations, Im really into AI programming and I want to leave my truck driver job to start as a programmer. Ive working with that about five years ago. Even been 36 I am definitely going for it!	2
Such a tragic loss. This poor baby never had a chance will all the vultures surrounding her. Thanks for gems like these!	0
The reason for the beach balls: in Israel a team that doesnt play well is going to the beach so their fans threw beach balls because they sucks	0
Thank you so much for answering this question! I knew that it was a nitrogen poor environment that drove the evolution of carnivorous plants, but the specifics of how their DNA changed to do so was always a mystery! And now, I will go eat some bacon.	2
All us Wii kids got was HEALTH AND SAFTEY WARNING	1
Mais um video top demais loki	1
Imran interviews the most powerful individuals in the fashion industry; but I truly believe he holds just as much influence. This series is exactly what the industry needs in terms of consumers listening and fellow designers/industry professionals taking note. Imran is the projector of those poignant words and as a collective it holds much greater power.	2
Youre an amazing speaker and explain concepts very well. Thanks for your invaluable videos. :)	2
Cubers watching this video be like: ??????	1
"Greatest mam, 
recently I've started doing my English literature so I was very confused as well worried about literature but after watching this video I'm very pleased I'm cleared."	2
"*31:35*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
Bruh this shit still hit ??	0
You know what? I cannot.......I repeat, I CANNOT BELIEVE THIS ENDED THIS WAY. Where is the rest of the movie people?? ??????	0
As much as I love seeing these battles, I think the guys should change the frisbees to the disc golfing frisbees, they travel farther than the regular ones!	2
"This reminds me of when I was a ""Lumberjack"" in the ""Sahara Forest"".

I know it's ""The Sahara Desert"" now. That just shows what a good ""Lumberjack"" I am."	2
When we moved to home working I got the Logitech MX Master 3, its been great as an all round mouse, I miss my setup when I have to go back i to the office lol. Although I could just take my mouse with me.	2
Nice summary	2
Excellent information! Thank you, Kyle!	2
The first slow to fast mouth sound video I've seen, and it did not disappoint. Love you and your videos. Both gems ??	2
"Sad to see that in the name of entertainment we are spending so much on Theater tickets that these actors are demanding 25+ Crores for a movie. Even highly educated Proffesionals (CA's, Engineers, Doctors, Civil Servants etc) do not earn this kind of money in India after 10 year of service. 

A simple logic, if theses actors (Including the Kumars, Khan's, Devgans, Kapoor's, Roshans, etc) start charging 10 to 50 lac per movie,  the theater ticket price will drop automatically and eventually we can start enjoying movie in the theaters with our families at a much lesser price.

These Superstars have built their mansions worth 100+ Crores and secured the life's of their children and grandchildren. They are living king-size life with our hard earned money. I believe we better stick to OTT or any other form of free entertainment which is easily available on YouTube or any other app"	0
this has gotta be one of the best dope techs, everything here is a hit that im def writing down for later	2
Your courses are amazing thank you for bringing us this opportunity 365 data science team	2
?????????????????????? STGT ??????? ???????? STGT ????????????????????????????????????? 555 ????????? STGT STA	1
I know these are just staged but its still kinda fun to watch, u can check for urself on the speedrun record that non of these ever got published.	2
Mr Beast has no boundaries on how crazy his content gets everyday and he always makes our day or night even better	2
Whats the best choice investing in real estates or crypto? Because I have been thinking crypto seems to be one of the most promising at the moment.	2
Everything applied causes side effects	0
Lakshya legit killed them with facts. Love the way he's changing and replying to toxic content Creators with such maturity. Shame on Unnatural	0
"""""""""""""""'""""SO WE CAN ALL AGREE THAT THIS MAN NEVER
DISAPPOINT US WITH HIS VIDEOS""""""""""""""""""""""""????"	2
One thing with the Dark Souls tutorial, is that the boulder will almost always hurt a new player, so when they get the estus and told to use it, they can see their health increase as a result.	0
"He didn't season the burgers.
He burgered the seasoning."	1
But I thought that we didn't have enough houses?! I thought demand was so high the money money money would keep coming! ??????	0
Now, this is something else. The best instructions to learning ML I have ever seen, thank you Daniel for the effort you put in this. Now I can really start to learn ML like a true Legend, thank you sir!!!	2
Unreal, two tiered justice	0
"Here's my prediction for the products being launched:

0) Some new subscription service, probably related to Apple TV
1) AirPods Pro 2 
2) Apple Watch: Regular, SE then Pro, probably with some new fitness related service as well
3) iPhone 14 series: Regular then Pros"	2
Bro doremon mod	1
3:23 for those who came here for it :)	2
"Linus: *Gets on his employee's cases for all the stuff stolen from the office*
Also Linus: *Proudly talks about all the stuff stolen from work he's using in his upgraded setup*

Linus: ""Why are you using this monitor as a table?""
Also Linus: *Uses the monitor as a chair* 

This video was hilarious"	2
I think the implementation of FSR 2.0 and the evolution of upscaling technologies will enable the Series S to stay relevant.  The third pearly thing is a concert, but I think its more of a problem with games made for the previous systems ie Ace Combat 7	1
"Hello, how are you? 
From my point of view the video is very good and quite didactic. 
However, if you want to reach an even wider audience, considering that in most developing countries education is precarious and a significant part of the potential audience does not speak English, I suggest:
1. To associate the subtitles, even if in English, as this would allow those who do not master the language to provide the translation of the entire text or parts of them not well understood precisely by the lack of mastery;
2. That the narrator speaks in a more leisurely way, as this would also benefit the audience that has not yet mastered the language.
Thanks for the attention, thanks for the video and I wish all success to the Simplilearn team!"	2
I now know I like this guy. I at first thought I had some type of prejudicial dislike of him maybe because he was too smooth and that goes against my grain but I love this guy because he does seem to care about things and many of them seem not to be regarding how much money he can make off of a ad for a person it seems as his reviews are sincere and these seem not to have to do with what I've seen only from him which is technology I really love the fact that this guy cares about people's safety and he brings up some safety issues which people should be concerned about if they have children especially with the toys and the baby monitors yeah this guy is getting a big a+ from me.	2
Gamepass is such an amazing service,i mean at first it was ok but NOW and next year WOW!Cant wait for all these games to release day one!!	2
The hype is not the same anymore when they announced back in the day phase 2&3 with Infinity War and Endgame. These two if you search the reactions are *INSANE*	0
wow that was smooth, u deserve a sub my guy	2
How is one guy so good at teaching so many subjects??!!!	1
The states deregulated tuition and fees so the colleges could charge more. Then, they used that money to hire more administrators and build more buildings. The students are not just paying for their education. They are also paying for all the things the colleges wanted, but the states did not want to give them money for. Nobody talks about that.	0
It's amazing how he trust his friends to that extent.	2
Imagine doing this with the current gas prices right now.	0
this has quickly become one of my favorite history channels, thank you for the wide variety of high quality docs you're providing for free. i have a curiositystream subscription and your channel has a better variety & quality than most of the docs in their history subsection. maybe i'll have to check out history hit instead when i can afford it.	2
Sonny and his team are out here doing reviews no one else would dare to do, it really shows his dedication and hard work.	2
"Wow 2 weeks?!?? Time is flying by fast! 
Great work as always Greg???? Hope to finally upgrade. 
Still wish for a pink color in the Pros lol"	2
The lion was like thank god you came brother ?? It was touching how grateful the lion was when his brother arrived, these animals are amazing. ??	2
Bc theres a shortage of chickens	1
hey, i recently discovered your channel and i just wanna say im practicing many things that i am passionate about and your channel is a big inspiration. just hope you know you're making good influences.	2
This lesson is really helpful  for me, so I want to know if there's another one on how to prepare a resume in english. Thanks in advance, Anne Marie.	2
"One of my friends gave up on Monster Hunter Rise because he got overwhelmed by all the mechanics you can interact while having pretty much 0 tutorials. Especially how weapons work and which are their movesets.
As a veteran I really no longer think about that, but it reminded me how not having gradual introductions to the main mechanics of a game can turn many potential players away."	0
And this was the backstory of two of the best cubers in the world.	2
"*me follows steps perfectly and slowly and succeeds*
also me: ok now let's try it faster
me again: *forgets how*"	2
When Agadmator played King E2 by mistake that was the brilliancy that we hoped to see!??	2
There is no such thing as loan cancellation, its merely a transfer... Do people not understand how this works?	0
I've considered data science, but, for me, it'll come down to who wants to use the data and how. A lot of businesses want to use data science to increase profits, but I'm more interested in using data to discover things, help people, etc.	2
Definitely more machine learning content on this channel! I'd love to dive into it with your help!	2
Hey Krish, first of all thanks a lot for inspiring me to pursue data science. Wanted to check if it is possible to create a run chart for checking data stability or is there any statistical test to perform the same.	2
"Job Interview Preparation Tips for Job Seekers to Heed


1. Learn the interview flow.
Whether or not its your first time to go for an interview, knowing the process makes a huge difference. Research is your friend in this facet. Planning your pitch and learning the interview process will give you the winning answers you need.

2. Use keywords in your interview.
And if youre not a fan of impromptu scenes, make sure you know how to prepare. Utilize flashcards, index cards, and notepads. Use keywords or phrases that will assist you to remember your spiel. Practicing your answers in a mock interview can help you nail the actual one. Dont memorize; just tackle everything thoroughly.

3. Simulate an interview scene.
Leverage your practicing sessions and try to simulate an interview scene. You can do it anywhere if you set up an office setting so you know how it feels. Dress up and take your mock interview to the next level. Youll be surprised how this simple act can boost your confidence and help you win the real job interview. Further, to improve your confidence, maximize interactive job interview preparation tools to compose yourself better for the big day. Try to look for a free online interview simulator or an online mock interview tool.

5. Ask someone for help.
For a real interactive approach, try asking a friend or a family member to act as your interviewer. This is where you can execute the plans you worked out. Make room for adjustments and get their feedback to improve the areas where you need to work on.

4. Practice until its perfect.
Lastly, nothing beats coming to a job interview prepared. There are several ways to guarantee your success. You can face a mirror and do a mini interview. Ask yourself the most common interview questions and answer them confidently. You can also record yourself to know which areas you should improve on, especially in your body language.

Partner these tips with the best interview tools on the Internet. Below, we compiled the top 4 interview tools you must use in your interview preparation.

Best of Luck, Job seekers!"	1
Looks delicious what u eat	2
Sala tum media walo desh me jo ve drama karwa do	1
Absolutely loved this video! Glad he got the teachers on it as well bc most classrooms are fully teacher funded bc the school only gives them $200 for classroom supplies and that is nowhere near enough for an entire school year. Teachers deserve the world ??	2
2:14 caraca cadu se superou	1
It looks like Zach is living his best life and is happy when eat I have. So relatable ??	2
"As a lapsed Superbike obsessive. It always bothered me hearing GCN call top road bikes Superbikes.
Now I mostly watch cycling and I'm used to it."	0
Puri gari  is known how to do mass commercial movies and sukumar sir know how to do logical movie with great impact .if both are worked together it will be a marvel universe	2
I needed to hear this. I am starting the journey of becoming  a Data analyst at 52. Thank you so much.	2
when some random people are able to teach this kid better morals than his actual parents	1
Gpp lah sudah waktunya naik juga. Kalau nunggu malah ketinggalan kereta	1
"Respekte nga cunat e shqiperis ????
BIG DON-XHONi"	1
I watched your videos a night before my interview. The role was supposed to be an intern role, but after engaging my examiners, they unanimously decided to offer me a full-time professional Civil Engineer role. I've recommended your method and videos to my colleagues and they're all getting desired results. Thank you very much ??	2
I can hear the 'We want Ratcliffe' chant, as a united fan, a self-made, working class roots billionaire, who lived 8 miles from Old Trafford supporting United, being a united owner, you couldn't write the script, its unbelievable.	0
Feridet abi her saat senin vidyo atman? bekliyorum	1
Yes! Another Crash Course Classic brewing right here! This series is already contending with the Philosophy, Big History, and World History series for me! Keep it up Crash Course! <3	2
The coordination of whites pieces in this game was beautiful.	2
I want the transcript of this video to read everyday in the morning. It it possible to download it anywhere online. ??	2
We should take the time to thank Nick for the constant uploads. These videos just keep getting better and better!	2
I read an article about how there was an issue with police departments getting so attached to their bomb disposal robots that they didn't want to send them into danger.  The human urge to anthropomorphize is so strong that I'm not sure we are capable of discerning the difference between a clever language algorithm and sentience.	0
The more i'm watching Beluga's videos, the more i'm convinced that rickroll is able to fix any problem in the world...	2
I had the same exact problem when I started learning: too much jargon and not enough explaining. The tutorial series by a channel called giant_neural_network was great because he teaches you not only the theory but also how to actually code a simple neural network. He does it very visually and it is very well done.	2
Bildirim gelince gelen duygu ?	2
This is the most interesting thing I've seen in a long time. I can feel this guy's passion and attention to detail. The way he described seeing pertinent nonverbals jumping out at you as if a caricature when played at double speed was INCREDIBLY perceptive. I'm so intensely interested in this individual and his affinity to human behavior.	2
I love the videos, Harry. Just a small correction, those insights role is usually that of  a Data Analyst or an Insight Solution Analyst. A Data Scientist's role is usually dependent on Statistics and applying the right ML models.	2
Damn this is actually insanely cool, even the really simple ones are really interesting	2
Welcome everyone! The Beginners Course is out now on my website: https://www.gotham-chess.com/beginner-bootcamp	2
I've learnt so much from youtube. Without it I wouldnt be who I am now, but at the same time I know it distracts me from my goals and causes procrastination. Its such a double edged sword.	1
Anna Karenina and The Death of Ivan Ilyich are among the best books I've ever read. If you do read Tolstoy, make sure to go with the Pevear and Volokhonsky translations; they allow you to get the most from his works.	2
25 years old and well versed in physics. This was engaging to me even though I already knew the info, and that shows how well this man teaches. Future bookmark for home schooling my kids	2
Love it! Can't wait for this box and also the Wolverine pack! Also can't wait to see what else you guys have in store for the X-MEN saga :)!	2
Octopi can fit through any area that is equivalent to the size of their beak. Also if anyone didnt know, mollusk have beaks. Also, octopi are mollusks. Thank you for this amazing video, well done good sir!  Definitely gave me some ideas as far as new puzzles and potential mods. I appreciate the time you put into filming and production as well. No matter what anyone says that, just remember youre DOING IT! If you feel unhappy with even the slightest things in a video, always remind yourself that you are doing something when other people arent. Ive been watching your stuff for years and have always enjoyed these cube collection videos. Thank you again for your content!	2
I love how the Arsenal Fans applauded Saliba when he scored an own knowinng that if that ball goes beyond him to Vardy it is a goal, best fans in the PL	2
"This is so helpful!!
Just wanna say that
Thank you for helping me gain knowledge lol"	2
"""Khan sir"" The gem ?? of india????... 
We proud on him ?"	2
As a cyber-security engineer, I can say these people are the real deal and they are saying the right things.  This is how to do transparency for cyber-security right.  Democracy dies in darkness.	1
Merci Edouard pour ces prcisions trs prcises :) Du coup je pourrais le prco demain sur ma Xbox Srie S ? Merci de ta rponse (Nayko)	2
I'm using this Christmas night for when I can't sleep ??	2
????? ????? ?? ???? ?? ????? ????love you..??????????????????	2
"Tip: Always start with reviews, you can mix up their themes, maybe one review didnt do this but the other did.See whats been strongly estbalished thru time, and check if theyve mentioned controversial parts or gaps of your topic. From this, check recent (past five year-journals about these gaps and where do they stand. 

Also, literature review is quite overwhelming at first given the large amount of information youre gonna see especially for the younger generation given their access to sci-hub, which can put you in a psychological rut. Not just to comfort you, but also as a professional tip YOU DONT NEED TO WRITE EVERYTHING YOU KNOW, OR EVERYTHING ABOUT THE TOPIC. Coherence and transition that will support why your doing a specific study is more important, moreover sufficient. If you see an underlying pattern in terms of method or conclusion lets say among 3-5 studies, try to explain this pattern in 1 paragraph. You dont need to write how those authors got the results in detail, unless you see a clash between two papers, then maybe you can re-evaluate their differences in method."	1
"Love your content jedcal, keep it up. I appreciate your honesty in showing the grades you received, including explaining the courses that stood out to you during your attendance at BU.

Edit: It for sure makes me more comfortable with my academic performance - how I'm not the only average guy out there."	2
"I'm only 12 minutes into this video right now, but I just wanted to say how much I appreciate the time and spacing you give to explaining a concept. You add pauses, you repeat things with slightly different wording, and you give examples and zoom in and out, linking to relevant thought processes that might help trigger an ""a-ha"" moment in the viewer. Many of these ""hooks"" actually make me understand concepts I've had trouble grasping in Maths, all because of your videos and the way you choose to explain things. So thanks! You're helping me a lot to become a smarter person. :)"	2
We're going exactly in the direction we shouldn't go. Kudos to the effort! ??	2
The explanation for the formula was very helpful for my understanding! Thank you??	2
Los asmr sin hablar son los mejores ???????? gracias	2
The whole data science industry is booming from analyst to engineers to scientist and you will see domain experts leading this field more and more	2
"Going through the video after watching the live session that Lakshya did before this video made me realise his unshined  talent that had yet to come to light in ACTING the difference is his pitch, language, body language, taking  thing like ""I will file a case"" for granted really shows his supremacy and how much of an alpha he is it really reminds me of the 'Aparichit'  the person who was in his YouTube video and the person who was in his in his live almost feel like they were two different individuals . I don't support anyone of them prince and his wife had milked there child and they not tackled any of the allegation he was just taking out his anger making personal comments but I can't just blind eye on things that Lakshya said just because I'm his subscriber and this had cleared that the past allegation like ganging up, bulling, were some how true . Lakshya portraying an image of the person that he is not thinking we should not abuse in YouTube because it's an public platform and spread hate but can make an abusive live video on Insta I guess Insta is not a public platform anymore and it's strike one thing that  lakshay is not abuse because of the problem that he had faced in his past for making that kind of content"	1
*Never ignore a person who loves you, cares for you, misses you. Because one day, you might wake up from your sleep and realize that you lost the moon while counting the stars??*	2
"Btc itu setau saya sudah kenyang dengan fud
Dan ketika ada fud dari nama besar karna mngkin dlu ga mempunyai btc di harga rendah .yayaya bgtulah"	1
Great insight! I got into data science right after college and really struggled to do so. The fact that the data science job role is defined so differently at different companies made interviews really hard to prep for. It felt like you need to be a jack of all trades and be well versed in data science, data engineering and data analyst principles and it was just a lot to prep for. Plus a lot of roles require graduate degrees. After I got a role, I left after a year and transitioned into SWE as like you said the expectations didnt match the reality plus I was also at a toxic workplace. I realized that I want to be in a role that is more well-defined and somewhat uniform across companies so if i need to look for a job later, Im not being restricted to only a subset of opportunities bc of the different definitions and requirements.	1
So many factors come to play to sustain trade momentum, of course Sir Richard Friedman brings to all, a unique positive incentive policies, market expansion and strong global demand. We believe this factors combined with other market/ technical forces have triggered a significant reduction in the markets implied risk premium for all assets.	2
"ODB sends his regards.. ""DUUU DUUUU!"""	2
This convinced me that the switch pro controller needs an all white version, because that controller looks so nice!	2
Man did a whole scholarship interview during the challenge what a legend. he better get that scholarship.	2
"Me: Wow thats a lot of RAM modules

Anne: This is from the 80s

Me: Oh.."	1
I have to ask, how do you line up the monitor camera transitions so well XD? Is it really just holding the camera precariously at an angle that lines up the monitor bezels and then moving it out? So well done.	2
"Moin Micha!
Dieses Mal hat wohl der Feiertag am Montag ein Event am Dienstag verhindert. 
Mal schauen, ob eine neue AppleWatch vorgestellt wird, die meine Series 1 ersetzen k?nnte. 
Das iPhone interessiert mich in diesem Jahr berhaupt nicht. Wenn, dann wrde ich nur ein iPhone 14 mini in Erw?gung ziehen. Ob es eines geben wird  man wei? es nicht! Lassen wir uns durch die eklige Gerchtekche nicht in die Irre fhren.
Denn was ich berhaupt nicht ab kann ist, wenn sich selbst ernannte ?Experten darber aufregen, dass sich Apple-Ger?te versp?ten, die berhaupt nicht nicht angekndigt wurden! ??
LG Claus,"	1
When I took my exams so I can get in a university I really wanted to study architecture or art. However things didn't go well and my score was extremely low so I was left with a few options. One of them was computer science and telecommunications. And tbh despite the fact that I had zero interest in programming before, I freaking love this major so much. Sure it's hard and frustrating af but every day you learn something new and it feels so good when you run your code and it actually works.	2
???? 100? ??? ?? ?? ????? ! ???? ??? ?? ??????? ~~	1
Already solve the pramix but you are twist the corner ??	1
Lectures hit different when youre not pressured by grades.	1
Happy birthday Chase! I hope you have the best birthday ever!	2
The fact he didn't buy the Nicholas Cage spoon is outrageous.	0
I'm glad soup is doing more rp again. Its what brought me to his channel on the first place.	2
Thank you for saying the lion is the king of the Savannah. LIONS DON'T LIVE IN JUNGLES	1
I'm a simple person,I see rindou I click	1
"I remember watching this videos in 2017, i was 13 at the time, now i'm 18 and studying Computer Science, a mad & special thank you dude, it is really an interesting field to study in. you made me find my passion, thank you again.

-Hamad"	2
Trs gros projet ??. Merci pour le contenu de qualit. Ciao Tutti !	1
Click here for the latest news on the 2022 midterm elections: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEb3ThbkPrFazrrDSiT46cq4Ms6ATJwvI	1
So funny you guys	2
Ran, I just love it how you make daily shows out of nothing <3 Anyone who;s ever been an influencer appreciates it :-) Keep it up guys!	2
The funniest part about the Baez thing is as soon as Javy turned around the first baseman could have turned around and stepped on first and ended the inning.	2
Wow, I watched summerfest and was like WTF this could of been sent out in an email. This show blew it out of the water, so many GAMPASS games to actually look forward to, hopefully these games actually deliver in the hype	2
My biggest question is...if Hulk has an incredible healing factor, why does he wear glasses? Wouldn't that same healing factor give him perfect vision?	1
It looks neat! The screen looks slightly bigger and it looks like a quick cash grab if u have the original Switch and the Switch Lite. I love playing the Switch on table top mode with the Switch Pro controller! It feels more comfortable and it gives u that lil home console feel!	2
The best! I'm understanding your online explanations more than my teachers at school...i recommended your channel to my friends and they're agreeing with me!! Thanks a ton??	2
"""We have to stop telling men that there is no difference between competence and misogyny."" 
Well said. Thank you!"	1
Show the full movie damn dude I was really getting into it!	1
Thanks for the strong playlist!...Does anyone know the name of the guy that is sampled in the first few seconds of the first song? I hear him sampled in a lot of other playlists.	2
Meanwhile this evening I did a (bad) impression of Prof Cox on stage to a few hundred people. And even though it was so dodgy, everyone knew who it was as hes such a legend. Nice to hear him talk about Sagan, as many see him as a modern version	2
Moneybagg Yo is a huge inspiration to me and I WILL produce a song for him one day.	2
Hey Ryan or Clement or both lol! quick question.  If you had to place these in certain categories for their specific uses/what each one excels at, what categories would you put each of these machine learning frameworks/tool kits (Tensor Flow, PyTorch, mxnet, and Hugging Face) in?	1
Thats a great concise video summing up the role of a professional data scientist, this video came at the right moment as I transition from academia to industry and totally relate with many of the points mentioned in the video. As mentioned in the later part of the video, I also find the undesirable aspect of data science to be a double-edged sword as on one end the ambiguity may make things unclear but at the same time also leaves room for experimentation and innovation. Papaya Tracker sounds like an interesting personal project!	2
He had his own exercise routine and tool for achieving pitching success.  If I were the coach, I would not obstruct that...as long as no one was hurt in the process.  Those that were angry at him because he didn't the line...their line...then it's an issue of CONTROL over him.  So he's eccentric...let him be eccentric...as long as no one gets hurt including himself.  Just let him lose and let the team win.	1
This, like so many other documentaries, just barely scratch the surface of the secrets these ancient times and civilizations keep. I believe we will never truly fathom the depth of their engineering feats.	0
It seems way more likely to me that the invite is actually referring to astrophotography. The iPhone has improved a LOT in the last few years at low-light photography, especially if you're using a tripod. Plus, if there's going to be a 48mp camera sensor, that'll be amazingly helpful for nighttime shots. I'm about as confident about that as Sam is about it being satellite connectivity ??	2
I'm constantly surprised by how well matt actually cooks, but then I remember that don't really make your life revolve around something without learning a thing or two	1
I really love these videos you make me relax and lay down in my bed lol	2
the little girl blew her cover so  early in her career	0
Finally someone who gets properly into it! Thank you man ??	2
"I'm surprised TD Ameritrade was #1.  Fidelity gives the best execution in my experience for non-Option trades and free trades.  Interactive brokers provides fast order execution, but you have to pay fees if you are a trader.  

Robinhood is by far the worst!  Excessive POF.  Others use POF, but not to the extreme of Robinhood."	0
thanks jed! you made me realize that its not always about the grades. theres so much more to life.??	2
Bhai yah mere ko bhi solve karna aata hai	1
Terima kasih infonya kak	1
Gorloss is one of those guys that I would have as a friend, he is super chill.	2
this is undoubtedly one of the best, precise and to the point  tutorial videos on any learning site! I've tried many videos, but this has by far taught me the most! thanks so much!	2
I still love my Switch, but after owning the Steam Deck for a couple of weeks I have to say - Valve is doing a substantially better job supporting the Steam Deck then Nintendo is the Switch. I've already got more updates that have made the system even better in a couple weeks then Nintendo has in 5 years. Nintendo needs to take a page out of Valve's playbook here.	2
Your help was unexpected, it turned out to be timely such a divine intervention, I can't thank you enough..	2
13:07 it's called unscramble, it is just scrambling the cube then doing the pattern reverse.	1
omg as an international student, i was kinda hopeless abt this exam before i found your channel bu damn your videos are lit and i feel better now ?????????????	2
This is the first video I've saw before I started cooking more frecuently. Thanks Gordon, you're a great teacher.	2
Most of the items you recommend are pretty pricey for a student. I'm not a student myself anymore but if I were one, more budget alternatives would make this video a lot better!	1
"you just did it in a perfect way. I've read blogs, ""best ML books"", and other resources, but you just nailed this. thank you!"	2
Amazing video ???? amazing challenge	2
"Mosh I really appreciated your work you have done in making this video. At the start, I was thinking that Java will be difficult for me but the way you taught the way you taught us how to write clean code really happy for it. You just made JAVA easy for me and all other ones who are determined of learning it.
THANK YOU!"	2
"PTR is hundred times in brilliance and in performance than Modi and Sitaraman...
Excellent speach by TN finance minister. A well educated and well known economist. We need leaders like him to counter false narratives.
 Indian leaders become arrogant.
The power centers enjoy every thing free for life time. From air to airplanes.
What about the poor."	2
This man is literally born to make History. Hats of to Jimmy and the crew.	2
too mercury. hahaha Maybe too murky. BTW, I think its funny when people think that ET craft need a landing strip like our planes use. They dont need to build speed to gain lift, they can travel through the fabric of space and time, I think they can manage to take off and land without a strip.	1
This is amazing. Who could have thought, that one day i can just sit at my home in another continent and at the same time to attend an MIT course. Fascinating ! Thank You !	2
Most humble person's....	2
"Love your vids.
My dad was a World/American/English-History professor, & listening to you & knowing how much research must go into these presentations, all I can say is, your artistic talent fairly balances your deep love of finding the origins of modern man.
Gorgeous work.
Thanks so much for letting us into your world sir."	2
Nothing can beat original vikram vedha ??????	2
Va por buen camino ????	2
Salut IYO , j'ai dcouvert ta chaine rcemment et tu proposes vraiment un contenu de qualit que ce soit sur le fond et la forme ! Je suis persuad que ca fonctionnera pour toi quoi que tu dcides de faire alors je t'envoie juste un peu de force pour continuer a persvrer dans ce chemin ! ??	1
Tom Cruise is truly the embodiment of megastardom! One of the best films in decades	2
Now, I am going to be singing karma chameleon in my sleep tonight!  LOL	2
"18 months ago I started a SOC (Security Operations Center) internship which turned into a full-time job even before getting my CS degree in August 2021. In a week I start as an Information Security Engineer making $90k/yr in the Mountain West region. They needed somebody who had a computer science background and experience in cybersecurity. 

So many good career paths from a bachelor's in CS. But the key in my experience to making the most of your degree is developing your soft skills and being hungry to learn more."	2
The safety belt would've paired perfectly with the unicycle and those roller boot things	2
Hey KRK , you are someone who is an well educated well sensed human who is trying to destroy the good works for his own personal interest. Everyone can agree that the recent Vikram Vedha teaser is really well stucked piece of art. Yeah it's a remake but why it has made ? Because the original one was not popular at all and it holds a great contents so why not it should be showcased second time . Hrithik Roshan is someone who thrives himself towards great art work . So guys don't take seriously these kind of nonsense review by a nonsense person like KRK ????	1
"Manooooooooo minha franquia favorita desde os 5 anos, LEGOO!! Finalmente vai chegar uma versao onlineee
(provavelmente vou comprar pq fa?o cole??o, ja tenho 14 legos)"	1
Die Apple Watch 8 wird vermutlich meine erste Apple Watch werden. Bin mal gespannt.	1
This is fantastic!  After dropping my assistant hundreds of times, she'll be relieved that there is a way to actually do this without getting hurt, and those high velocity fans were always so expensive and unpredictable.  Always had to make sure the polarity was right.  Went through several assistants.  No more!  Thank you!!!	2
"*21:11*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
I lost everything this year. My house, my relationship of five years, my two dogs this really struck all the right chords in my heart. Everyday Im trying to come back stronger. To everyone struggling, you have all the love I can possibly muster. Dont give up.	2
The Best Laughter Duo!	2
When Luke makes something that should scare us, but he makes it funny, ??????	1
All Memers = Major saab?	2
Pacman World was wonderful. Now we just need Ms. Pacman's Maze Madness. If this trend is anything to go by, we'll see it happen in less than 5 years. Let's GO!!	2
"Achei de fato interessante a hiptese que esse vdeo clipe traz. E se pudssemos ver, pela ltima, uma pessoa que amamos muito se divertindo. E se s mais uma vez pudssemos nos despedir de uma pessoa amada j falecida vendo a sendo feliz e estando bem? 
.
.
Msica tima como sempre! Ti?sto  muito talentoso!"	1
Jehovah, I pray that everyone watching this VERY helpful vid scores a 1500+ on the upcoming SAT. amen!!!!	2
Why is this relatable I quit the game cause I failed on the pen then I got worse and failed at the start ??	0
These presents are really what all people need and love!!! Thank you so much!!!	2
Hey Tina, thank you so much for always sharing wonderful tips. It is almost approaching a year since I had finished my bachelors and still without a job :(! I really hope I can break the barrier and get my foot in the industry. Having zero experience makes everything harder. Apart from doing some projects, I will definitely try to contribute in open source projects or pick up a consulting assignment.	2
tell mase we don't need him rapping about nothing we not out here miss him go home mase	0
Love your teaching style. I learn so much. You make it look so easy.	2
Man your channel is fire finally someone who knows what people is looking for	2
I love the way you explained, plus the diversity :)	2
You did a great job explaining! Nothing is easy on Math SAT! A question could be 5 sentences long and your heart just drops! Anyone who takes SAT is a Hero! Press on, guys!	2
Great video. I wrote many down and will use them. Thanks very much.	2
RIP Sarah, you will be missed but this world is all the better for having had you in it. x	2
When the land is hit by heat waves and dries, water usually can't get in and that's a recipe for floods when it rains.	0
I didn't know Mark is such a pretty good artist! those art concepts and sprites for his old game ideas looks really nice, I always thought the phase of Prototype is always super important to make sure if a game is gonna be good, I think is possible to already have [these characters and this music and this story] if that's the goal of a game, still I can see how game design can evolved those concepts into something more fitting for whatever the gameplay can be.	2
I actually started using an iPad for the first time exactly one year ago. and yep. I finally get it. It is THE go to device for consuming content.	2
How can you not like this man !!! Hes going to keep it 100 every time he opens his mouth	0
honestly your pink sauce looks good.... can i buy a bottle?	2
@2:25 is my fav part??	2
"Some notes if anyone needs em!

-Barter system is the alternative to money, but is highly inefficient 
-Money serves as a medium to exchange, store of value, and a unit of account 
-In the past we had the gold standard which connected each dollar to a value of gold
-Stock market is part of the Financial system which is composed of Lenders (corporations and households) and borrowers (households, businesses, governments)
-Financial system = a network of institutions, markets, and contracts that brings lenders and borrowers together 
-3 ways this happens: banks, bonds, stock market
-Banks deal with debt, stocks deal with equity (the difference between the value of assets/ interests and the cost of the liabilities of something owned)
-Financial instrument = a tradeable asset of any kind
-Banks are Financial Institutions = an establishment that conducts financial transactions such as investments, loans, and deposits"	1
this is lowkey emotional, after everything thats happened, everyone's back, in pretty much the same place	2
I'm beginning to understand chess is really like an ocean in complexity. There's place of brashness, boldness, creativity, fear, light touch, nimbleness, anger, bluffs. It is a beautiful game, rich with stunningly creative ideas and tactics. It has stood the test of time because each generation realizes in greater depth than the previous one, how many more things are possible in a game, how far ahead can pieces support each other, how deep and far-seeing ideas can be, and how rich a battlefield it is to display the full range of human cleverness and emotions.	2
"Ty is phaenomenal! Every time, I think ""No way he is finishing the last one"", but he really thrives under the pressure. His mentality is outstanding! But regardless of the outcome, each and every video is a massive team effort ??"	2
Now THIS is a real SAT guide. All of the points you made are very realistic and factual. I'm taking mine in October, and I was afraid the way I was studying was wrong, but you confirmed to me that I was studying right. Thank you so much!	2
Thank you so much, bro. It was very easy and you explained everything in detail. God bless you :)	2
This game is looking fresher than grocery store produce. I love the new  aesthetic and weapons. Plus the new features look really fun. I also love how you can customize your character with emotes and lockers, it fits perfectly with splatoon	2
His FBI Agent boppin' to his search history	1
This video has 202,000 dislikes and only 74,000 likes, even when Youtube take away the dislikes, it still warms my heart that people do not forget to dislike a video that deserves it.	1
Moi and Pervis and hopefully if Sarmiento picks his level up , I hope these three Ecuadorian men play together . They sure will do a high offensive playing style .	2
He is playing 4D chess. Made a claim that media would pick up and sensationalise, then pivoted the narrative to larger domain of AI ethics and governance. Smart.	1
I m surprise how fast ur ....learning technology...and maintain consistency difficult for me.....but ur videos really helps....thanks	2
This is so awesome, in Puerto rico we call a pig roast over a fire lechon, the legs of animals Pata and fried skins chicharon too. ?? I've gotta visit the Philippines at least ones I'd feel right at home.	2
12 years of One Direction today. Thank you, boys... Harry, Louis, Niall, Liam, Zayn... Thank you, for everything you've done for us, for being who you are and for the family we became. You saved me and I love you. I love you so much. ???????????	2
Imagine being depressed and suicidal then you end up in a prison where youre tortured and beat daily because of it. How were people actually this dumb lol	0
Personally, if that was me, I would not let Andrew Tate disrespect me like that. That's just me though.	1
I love how they say nitrp but when you commit crimes a flying police men flies out of nowhere and freezes you in air	0
<I love the grounded reality of this channel,<I started in crypto in August 2017 ,and I bought in.I was up 5x by December only to watch that disappear quickly and then watch the original investment go down by about 85% during the ensuing 4 year bear market. I took the opportunity to accumulate more over the last 4 years which was hard to do and at the same time a smart thing to do. I wish I had bought more. I am in profit for now but I am planning on using my experience and what i have learnt from Dickson Jenkins.have learned from you and other Youtubrs especially my mentor Dickson Jenkins. who taught me how to make trade and increase my crypto from 2btc to 13btc that no one really knows what is going to happen in the market and I know you are only saying what you think will happen based on the past. It is yours and my opinion so people should make their own investment choices based on their own research.....	2
Mul?umesc frumos sunt super	1
I used to love this as a kid, I still love it bc its so addicting	2
"Merhaba arkada?lar?m , videoda kulland?klar?m ve giydiklerim ;
https://ty.gl/89fzqmujl4
Web link : https://ty.gl/uiorqkdb5i"	1
Amo essa msica maravilhosa Martin ????????????????????????????????????????????????	2
THE WAY SHE JUST SAID OKAY AFTER YOU TOLD HER NO PROMOTING????	0
I love 1 2 3 go they're so amazing and subscribe	2
i was on a class zoom forgetting i wasnt on mute and the entire class heard hello mortals coming from my laptop	1
If it's a dangerous threat to Americans and a bad deal, you can be sure biden will agree to it.??	0
Well I'm SURE This will end up well. lol	2
cool	2
For some reason I wanna see him make Sir, this is a Wendys ASMR lol	1
"0:12 Bill Ackman
0:23 Lemonade Stand Example

Starting A Business (1:03)
1:17 Form A Corporation
? 1,000 shares of stock, Investor invests for 500 shares

2:18 The Balance Sheet
Assets = Liabilities + Stockholders Equity

3:08 Fixed Assets and Inventory

4:19 The Income Statement 4:38

5:49 Growing The Business

8:05 The Statement of Cash Flows (SOCF)

9:05 Evalutating Value
   10:26 Equity Investor took more risk, e.g. Equity Investor made more returns on investment

11:08 Debt and Equity 11:58

13:06 Assessing Risk
    13:40 Government Bonds (Low Risk investment)

14:53 Profiting As An Entrepreneur

17:34, 17:50 Valuation: Determining A Companys Worth

19:33 Selling Shares, Board Of Directors
20:36 Benefit of IPO

21:03

21:39 Investing
22:59 Interest Returns
24:00 The Importance of Not Losing Investment Money (Avoid Losses)

24:53 Keys To Successful Investing

- Dont Invest In Startups
+ Invest In Public Companies
+ Invest In businesses you understand how they make money
+ Invest at a reasonable price
+ Invest In a company that you can own forever

27:26 A business you can own forever
Coca Cola, McDonalds
28:58 
? A product people need
? Unique
? Brand Loyalty
29:48
30:23 High barriers to entry
31:57 Low Reinvestment Cost

Controlled Company

33:26 Investing

34:41 The Psychology of Investing
35:45
1. Be Financially Secure
2. Dont get spooked by short term fluctuation
3. Do your own work
4. Invest at a reasonable price

36:38 
? Mutual Fund
38:05
? A Good Money Manager Can Explain What/Why They Invest In
+ Good Reputation
+ Value Approach
+ 5 Year Track Record
+ Consistent Approach
? Hedge Fund

40:25 Recapping

41:20 This is just an Introduction
42:27 Invest In Your Future"	1
"1:10

For those confused about the Pythagorean theorem, its the method used to find the length of the hypotenuse of a *right* triangle from the two side lengths. The formula is a^2 + b^2 = c^2

That means one side squared plus the other side squared equals the hypotenuse squared (hypotenuse is the longest side, the angled side) so you simply get the square root of the c, and you have the measure of the longest side"	1
"I've learned the ""flicking the bottle/can"" trick a while ago like 10-15+ years ago and only learned today why that works. Thanks a lot."	2
I'd love any of those with the exception of the Lotus, in this company it looks outclassed in every department. For me, the one that offers the best combination of performance, desirability, and of being obtainable would be the Maserati.	2
Justin, not only great editng but loved how you shared the life of a data analyst!!  Looking forward to more content from you ????	2
Sb737, Ive been following you since 2017. Each video shows massive amount of dedication and time, even if its not MineCraft. Still love the work and effort!	2
All of these people are very well educated for their respective maturity groups. The 9 year old is very bright, the teenager is wise beyond her years and the college student guy had some encouraging curiosity	2
That blend process looked crazy easy, does Zero gapping your trimmers and clippers make it a lot easier to blend the 0-0.5?	2
Shawn you are correct about whats going on out here, in these churches cant rely on these pastors. They are all    about the cash not saving souls. Most of them are bad.	0
Its 4 am and I need to get back to sleep, Thanks AGN!	2
Whether or not this Sonic plays out to what we want it to be, we should give thanks to the people that spend many hours developing this game! Looks great ??	2
Can we just appreciate how the editors go ham in these types of videos mad respect for them.	2
Me encanta cmo despus de que Thor perdiera a todos lo que amaba (mam, pap, hermano, amigos, su reino, el amor, su cuerpo) , los guardianes de la galaxia han estado all con l para ayudarlo y darle una familia.	1
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
This game seems to have a lot going for it, three storylines sounds like great idea (at least on paper) as it would give both fans that want a more traditional pokemon game and those who want something fresh.	2
? t?o satisfatrio ver ele cozinhando ??????	2
That looks so delicious have a wonderful day	2
????? ??? ??????? ??? ????? ??????????????????????????????????	2
"Thanks Bolivia for creating beautiful and nutritious quinoa.
I hope and believe, rain and animals will nurish the land in coming years."	2
I primary  play on PS but recently got back into Xbox for the first time since Xbox 360 so Im happy to see Xbox actually do well because it pushes Sony to do better.  When I see twitter I see so much venom from both sides and its super sad to see, i just love video games man why cant we just enjoy it.	2
This tutorial is the greatest there ever was! We got our son a rubix cube for his birthday and we have been working on solving this and it finnally paid off! Solved the cube because of this tutorial and it was glorious!	2
NO WAY! I'm in complete disbelief there is a Morbius set. Even if it is most likely comic book based. That's awesome.	2
I just want more and more and more	2
"""I wished Wesley played in the Candidates "" You said it Danya ! ??????"	1
This honestly sounded like a legitimate prediction until the last part. XD	2
Appa Mudilai paaaaa madam pavam ??????	2
When Zane said from a fans point of view, watching you be on that stage, it is very special to be in that crowd Ive never felt like someone has said something so true before.	2
"wat a tune 
??"	1
You make the world a better place jimmy, thank You for that ??	2
Lol Im 14 and Im already trying to figure out how to raise my future kids correctly??I just see a lot of my friends suffering because of their parents and Im like nope, not gonna be me. I plan on collecting knowledge throughout my teenage years so when the time comes Ill hopefully be a good mom.	1
I didnt even know what the SAT was until sophomore year because my parents didnt know much about how the school system worked here and Im the oldest so its all firsts ??	0
I love this one!! I can listen for hours literally!!	2
Its crazy how nobody has mention how big Rodrigo been these past games, he is an amazing player before the prem and he is finally showing his potential that he had since his Valancia days.	2
"   !)   )
    !??"	1
I really like your sense of dry humor -  it reminds me my mechanics teacher: he has an explanation of something, suddenly he puts in a joke, doesn't laugh at it, and continues to see as if nothing happened	2
We can all agree the Romanogers kiss was the best	2
Id get the Pro all day long.a bigger display would be amazing!	2
Sometimes when you are in a dark place, you think that you are buried but you have actually been planted. If you are going through that hard time, just know that I am cheering for you..	2
Estoy muy contento de que Daredevil de Charlie Cox est recibiendo ms amor cada vez porque su serie fue increble, adems de hacer un cameo en Spiderman No Way Home que fue genial. Daredevil es uno de mis superhroes terrestres favoritos de Marvel. Gran trailer.	2
Thank you so much for this video. Very helpful for a biology teacher like me.	2
Maguire needs a standing ovation for staying out of this one! My God, a real captain's performance for sure.	2
"Save you 14 minutes:

Games as a service are vastly more profitable than the initial revenue from games."	2
One hour into this video, and I have learned more about how to use APIs and Postman than I have with tons of other videos -- COMBINED! I can't see how video instruction can get better than this. All the money I have spent to learn this and actually understand it, and this video instructor provides the most precise explanation I have seen to date! EXCELLENT WORK!	2
"???? ???? ???? ????? ?? ?????? ???? ??
 ?????? ???? ?? ??? ??????? ????? ???? ????? ? ???? ????? ?? ??? ????? ?? ?????? ?????????"	1
xLB`	1
Its truly a great time to be alive, to be able to have resources like this be so freely available for anyone to use.	2
Esse lies of p e foda gostei	1
Give that guy on the tennis court an A+ for attitude.. good sense of humor.	2
I'm honestly impressed by the time and effort you put into these videos, Keep it up!	2
If you think there's Just one flaw in millions of lines of code, you're optimistic lol	0
@Perry omg!! I use to set a reminder that always ring with a note saying, dont get too greedy lol Coswift Arbitrage has automated things for me now I dont have to worry about market movement.	2
Me : take my money finally respawn has done some good shit	2
Before I get into my comment I would like to say thank you, I really appreciate that fact that you take the time out of your own day making these incredible useful TikTok s and YouTube videos so people can study even though your not making anything off of it. Back to the point, id like to say thank you because right now Im a freshman and I didnt really have a motivation to study for the act but when I was scrolling through tik tok I saw a video with a really hard math problem but you made it seem really easy like I could do it in a minute so after that I did more research and found out how important the act really is so Ive been studying with your YouTube and tiktok videos along with other things on the side, i still have 2 years before I have to take it but your videos are so entertaining they make me want to learn and get better at math.	2
I love about BBQ in Baltimore in #DDD line up! ???????? Smoking ain't it?! ????	2
If abortions are legal, how come British people are still born is probably  the best pro life argument I think Ive heard.	2
What about a 30 new iMac? Surely about time?	1
Thumbs up for a great video of really cool physics demonstrations. An extra thumbs up for excellent explanations in the description. Well done!	2
Tony never forgot a line.	1
Honestly Captain Kidd just seems like a guy who desperately wanted to climb the social ladder, but his failure as a privateer and the pressure from his crew made him an unwilling pirate	0
This is the first year Im getting a Pro Max version so Im pumped for that, but Im also very intrigued by an Apple Watch Pro. Ive always had an Apple Watch and I want to see what a Pro model has to offer.	2
Happy Birthday Jimmy! I hope you keep helping more and more people and officially make this world a better place!	2
She was so distraught when Subtrist retuned ????	0
Viruss ??m piano hay qu!	1
j'ai trop h?te de le voir	1
"*13:50*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
Thanks for watching everyone! Let me know if you think data science is on the rise or decline below!	2
As someone who used to work 80 hours a week, quitting my job to become a freelancer was the best thing I have ever done. Sure I still work a lot of hours and often close to 70-80 hrs a week, I feel like I am doing this for myself and not some corporation.	2
This is hands down the best explanation for programming lingo I have ever heard. I wish somebody would have shown me this in 2014 when I started my mathematics degree. Would have saved me months of frustration down the line. You sir are a saint! Thank you so very much! <3	2
"The reason the eu is so low has to do with the fact that countries in the eu .
such as Italy , Spain , Portugal and Cyprus .
Since they still have large debts with the European bank .
can therefore not raise interest rates .
The countries can not repay their debt properly , so that the debt becomes higher .

unfortunately, these countries are still not doing anything in their country to ensure that their internal economies run better."	0
the world record that I remember with pleasure is the first (in a total of 11) of Federica Pellegrini in 2008. She was unjustly disqualified in the semifinal of her favorite race, the 200sl, so the next day she made the 400sl record. In her career she also made a couple of records the same day, but the first was particular.	2
This has taught me more in a few minutes than my university has in 2 and a half years.	2
I have anxiety and Im claustrophobic but I love to challenge my mental strength. Id be down for trying this for 24 hrs. I once did 2 MRIs on the same day back to back after a car accident. I was freaking out after the first was over but surprising by the end of the second one I was falling asleep inside	1
Perfect ??	2
"*Odysseus blinds cyclops

""Noman is hurting me, noman is hurting me""

a BLINDINGLY good pun"	1
"What is the best quality of humans?: The ability to love

What is the best quality of AI?: The ability to think logically

These two things are sometimes at odds with each other which the AI most likely figured out which is why it immediately tried to justify it by mixing them both together. One cannot simply be compassionate and be logical at the same time most of the time. We sacrifice a lot in the name of love which logically we shouldn't. As such, an A.I who doesn't understand love or attachment is an which does not care for either and will willingly do what is logical (even if it leads to suffering) in order to achieve an objective.

In other words, we have a psychopathic A.I"	0
Sir thank you for this great job. Please sir i have a question? Are we to always assume theta one while finding the gradient descent curve? Thank you so much. I love the way you split everything for us. You are so much.	2
Mamas got chickens and guineas weed eggs for free. Not free because you got a buy the feed sometimes. If we can keep the weasels Out of the coop. I reckon	1
After XQC, Buddha, Ming, AnthonyZ and Sykkuno have all collectively played this on their streams during getaways, this has unofficially become the theme song for nopixel 3.0	1
The way you described discrete maths made me realize i dont even hate math i just have to study to get better	2
2020 - thank you God for this beautiful year, now i can chill listening to this song in peace with no school pressure feels ??	2
Keep up the great content! Really enjoy it when you play the long drive!	2
Thank you so much Lex. This will help us a lot. This will help the students, who cant afford paid online courses and none in the neighbourhood can teach.	2
This is hands down the best Nintendo documentary I have seen in my entire life. Huge video game fan. I'm 44 now and getting those memories back is awesome along with tones of things I didn't know. Cheers!	2
Thanks for teaching us all of these my mom really needed to know how to make the perfect pasta and you helped so much	2
My entire CS degree just flashed in those 13 minutes. Amazing work!	2
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin  18kissx.Uno
-los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer-  
2 ( elecciones ) 9.5/10 3 ( culturales ) 9.3/
????????
10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy :
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la sjfu
15:15
Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial "	1
"You had me at ""I have anxiety, to the point where I almost didn't go in, even when I was sitting in the parking lot.""  Man, do I know that feeling.  Now try it with short-term amnesia."	0
Amazing production. I hope everyone watches until the end.	2
I'm doing BE sec year currently. When it comes to college placements will I get my dreem job? Like I'm aiming for data scientist, so in college placements will it be up to my choice to choose the path in engineering.	1
let me remind people who are scared....... splitting an atom makes it blow up...... smacking two particles together doesnt make explosions it makes fusions......	0
"The genuine disgust everyone had at Otto telling Alicent to go to the King and give him ""comfort"" while wearing one of her mother's dresses is everything. I think Daemon is going to be a standout character thanks to Matt Smith's nuance portrayal of him. I loved Smith's delivery, and Daemon's blunt acknowledgement of the truths Viserys can't bear to face.

As ever, thank you so much for sharing your reactions! Looking forward to the season to come!"	2
I like your administration man I got my house with the assets of this wire Im glad l settled on the correct decision Via the name above credit to you sir..	2
True that most students look for 'rules' and 'solutions' but, they should be brave and leave thoughts hanging, just exposed...??	1
Loved the setting sun art. Well done, and just beautiful. Thanks.	2
"I'd love a ""Everything is wrong"" version of this with us, the viewers, being the only ones on the flight and we're in a rusty old plane that could drop at any given point. Perhaps Daisy could be the flight attendant:)"	2
This whole podcast was a banger. This dude is a smart fella and a great communicator, explains things well and always ready with a good point. Good stuff as always Joe ??	2
Neon man is consistent but not more than thugesh ??	1
I thought there was a type of Albatros that's bigger than a Condor? Or did I hear that wrong?	1
Magnus looked little disinterested, he may have thought he was winning anyway	1
Can you please do the same for computer engineering degree?	1
Im from Chennai, but Im a big fan of Hrithik, and dont tell me its a remake, its a beautiful script which is worth to be filmed again ?????? and Im glad Hrithik is doing the villain role	2
What does take time to appreciate how much Nintendo put into the conslas and still makes it family friendly	2
So excited you guys are reacting to this. Cant wait to start this journey with you both! ????	2
Increble baile me encanta, las cuatro son unas reinas,  lisa la mejor ??????????,  jenlisa ??	2
Its smart to keep the always on display on the 14 series and newer because battery life would likely take a big hit on a phone that only drops to 10Hz (13 Series). 1 Hz is probably best case to keep battery life up to the standard. My issue with the 14 Pro series is that the Pro Max will get a smaller battery this year. Im a yearly upgrade person but I wont be upgrading if the battery capacity is smaller this year. Ill wait until the 15 Pro Max.	1
Read the written interview by Sheon Han in Quanta Magazine: https://www.quantamagazine.org/computing-expert-says-programmers-need-more-math-20220517	1
I seem to recall Splatoon 2 being a dynamic 900p, so its nice to see they were able to optimize the game enough to finally make it up to 1080p	2
"""So around 32 degrees Fahrenheit... or 0 degree Celsius if you're a scientist or from a part of the world where things make sense"" I'm dying here"	1
My grandmother told me this story: We're from the Philippines, and during the end of WWII during and at the exit of the Japanese occupation, the US military started to air drop supplies to the civilians including food. One of my grandmother's neighbors, a young boy, picked up a can of corned beef and ate it straight from opening the box of supplies. He dropped dead moments after. At the time my grandmother thought he died from choking to death, but later realized it must have been refeeding syndrome.	0
John's boldness, Genelia's innocence & Vidyut as an antagonist make this one a perfect watch. I literally have watched force for 4 times. But the ending really breaks my heart ??	1
"Is There Anybody Out There?	lyrics
____________________________===========
 	I climb the rooftops every morning
And search for life there down below
But there is nothing out there for me
There is nothing out there to see
I send a signal for survivors
Requesting help on where to go
But there is nobody else to hear
The only answer I get is fear

'Cause every time that I return to this place I once called home
Yes, every time the walls cry out, you're the last one - you're alone

Oh C is there anybody out there?
There must be someone else like me
Oh C is there anybody out there in the cold?
Come raise your voice and set me free

I wander streets that once were crowded
I'm searching houses that were homes
But there is nothing out there for me
There is nothing out there to see
I'm fighting off the dread that haunts me
But in my empty heart it grows
'Cause there is nobody else to hear
The only answer I get is fear

And every time I raise my head, panic stares me in my face
Yes, every time I try to think, I get trapped inside a maze

Oh C is there anybody out there?
There must be someone else like me
Oh C is there anybody out there in the cold?
Come raise your voice and set me free

Oh C is there anybody out there?
There must be someone else like me
Oh C is there anybody out there in the cold?
Come raise your voice and set me free"	0
5:14 Dreams are extremely important to Targaryens. The reason they were able to escape the Doom of Valyria is because a Targaryen girl dreamed of the Doom and was able to warn her family.	2
Luv luv luv mean bad witches okkkuuuuurrrrr	2
"""I'm not defending destroying documents"", I'm just defending the man who broke a federal law for destroying documents."	0
Rip for those who thinking we can solve this in 10 second??	1
Me encanta l alto estilo que se manda sanvi???	2
"The fact the same security issue is found on different Apple OS shows that it was Apple who had left a back door by design...
Now that a third party is publishing it, they had to do something, for PR."	1
This is just like having a philosophy student in a law or politics class	0
I've never left a comment on YouTube, but I feel like I MUST DO after watching this video. It is very organized and useful to understand how we approach ML and keep learning it. I appreciate you made this great one.	2
Why does Jim have such a hardon for Micron?	1
"23:23   Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.UNO
los mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer 

10:10 Hopi:
Sweeter
11:12 Sun:
Hotter
00:18 Joonie:
Cooler
18:00 Yoongy:
Butter
23:23 Son unos de los mejores conciertos 
ma?as no se la 

Las elecciones cinematogrficas y artsticas son brillantes. Referencias culturales europeas realmente interesantes. Ojal la cultura europea se representara ms a menudo tan bellamente. No puedo dejar de decir ""oh, esto es hermoso"" a lo largo del video. Luz, en serio... el que se encargue de la iluminacin, genial"	1
"The part where Thor said ""It's thunder time"" and thundered Patrick Bateman really put me to tears. Truly a movie"	2
"James Dyson: Makes legendary household appliances like vacums and hair dryers
Also James Dyson: Loves his cast aluminum pencil sharper. 

The little things in life."	2
Representing Steve Bannon THAT will assure you a place in Hell.	0
I always wonder, why his videos are never in trending. They are so hilarious yet to the point.	2
Significant Ideas with lot of variants. Thank you for manu eye-opener's and opportunities.	2
"Try ""memu aagamu"" song from coke studio India , it has a collaboration with k-pop artists called tribe loca, and allu arjun"	1
"To the ones saying that its their fault for over-exploiting quinoa production:
 Bolivia is the poorest country in all of south america, rural people, especially indigenous people living in the Altiplano literally dont have enough money to live a propper life. The quinoa boom meant that thousands of families could aford education, bettering its living standars and getting out of poverty. 
Its really easy to talk about how unsustainable their practices where when your country got rich trough just as unsustainable practices plus the exploitation of millions of human beings..."	0
"""Always remember that you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem and smarter than you think."" - Winnie-the-Pooh"	2
"Tate has to find a new scheme to launder his money.

A foundation with a well funded trust might be enough to gain some kickbacks for new side deals.

Perhaps if he grows some hair, he might grow a new found sense of purpose."	1
Hit 120k today. Thank you for all the knowledge and nuggets you had thrown my way over the last months. Started with 14k in June 2022	2
"I appreciate the iPhone, but I honestly stay on Android for so long because it's definitely more affordable. Phones can be cheaper, repairs are cheap as well, spare parts aren't that expensive. I think taking into account also Play store vs App store, since App store stuff is generally more expensive is a thing.
ALSO. Very important is compatibility - people with an Apple setup can be more comfortable with an iPhone, but PC users.. can't really use all the perks of iPhones unless they get such a setup. Which is.. much more costly.
So yeah, I think those are aspects that didn't get touched on much."	2
"Me: this will be fun
1hr later: WHY ISN'T THE CAMERA ROTATING??!!!!"	2
I love that the narrator is particularly enraged at the horrific cheesecake tutorial. Usually the narrator performs with an impersonal, almost inhumane, robot-esque anonymity and objectiveness, but here you start to see their own real personality come through just a bit. Whoever they are, they must be an avid baker to be so enraged by the British woman's baking faux pas hahaha.	0
This episode was such a pay off for those of us who have been on this journey of discovery with space time from the beginning. It feels like season finale of the 8th season of a show where it basically explains that everything you thought was important was actually meaningless, and that the acceptance of this fact is actually the point.	2
I can actually feel what's shown here without actually being there in the wild. Beautiful creatures and masterfully lensed.	2
I hope one day to be able to look back at your progress as greatly as you have been able! Super hyped for the release :)	2
"Please, Go for Tone Deaf, the bars are Hades itself!! Em rhymes ""Orange with Banana"" there??. It's one of my favourites from the album"	2
BAA BAA BA BAA BAAAA	1
"Tracklist:
00:00 Alan Walker - Spectre [Privated NCS Release]
03:45 Different Heaven & EH!DE - My Heart [NCS Release]
08:11 DEAF KEV - Invincible [NCS Release]
12:36 Disfigure - Blank [NCS Release]
16:04 Electro-Light - Symbolism [NCS Release]
20:39 Tobu - Hope [NCS Release]
25:13 Spektrem - Shine [NCS Release]
29:31 Itro & Tobu - Cloud 9 [NCS Release]
34:03 Cartoon - Why We Lose (feat. Coleman Trapp) [NCS Release]
37:33 Different Heaven - Nekozilla [NCS Release]
40:16 Syn Cole - Feel Good [NCS Release]
43:16 Tobu & Itro - Sunburst [NCS Release]
46:21 Jim Yosef - Firefly [NCS Release]
50:36 Tobu - Candyland [NCS Release]
53:53 Cartoon - On & On (feat. Daniel Levi) [NCS Release]
57:17 Elektronomia - Sky High [NCS Release]
01:01:6 Jim Yosef - Forces (feat. Ivan Jamile & Kdo Rebelle) [NCS Release]
01:05:24 Unknown Brain - Superhero (feat. Chris Linton) [NCS Release]
01:08:19 Robin Hustin x TobiMorrow - Light It Up (feat. Jex) [NCS Release]
01:11:19 Elektronomia - Energy [NCS Release]
01:14:31 Axel Oliver x THEBOYWITHSPEC - Survive [NCS Release]
01:18:36 Warriyo - Mortals (feat. Laura Brehm) [NCS Release]
01:22:17 Julius Dreisig & Zeus X Crona - Invisible [NCS Release]
01:25:38 DEAF KEV - Invincible [NCS Release]"	1
This was extremely enjoyable. Notice how we didn't have rob talking shit about Zoro. I hope reactions can be like this from now on	2
I'm using the same laptop that had this issue and it wants to thank you for saving it's life. This was also really helpful for alot of my computors too.	2
"*52:30*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
"Maths is love ?? 
Thx for the insight bro ?? 
Very informative ?"	2
This gentleman, Seetoh made this video a DELIGHT.  Usually I watch everything you do expecting your take on certain foods. This man had amazing knowledge of EXPRESSLY Singaporian dishes....and it was extraordinary.  Thank You!	2
This Man literally got me a job.  Anyone who wants to crack an interview should follow this channel.  You are doing a great job Richard.  Thanks for everything.	2
Cuteness overload ???	2
50 is just a pivotal person who I repeatedly lock into throughout my life. He brings the knowledge, the hustle, the comedy, the motivation, the dominance, everything you need to hear to push further in your path	2
Thank you Banter Fam.  Always good good Stuff????	2
this is what beluga would become if he was a speed cuber	1
Thats so funny we got the EXACT same first two SAT scores (1190 and 1360)! Hoping thats a good sign, and through hard work and dedication, there will be a 1510 in my future!!	2
I would totally love to watch you guys stay at hotels! It would be lit! ??	2
The moment I saw the mom give the boy underwears I  got  a heart attack	1
me watching this getting 1530 sat score in 2019 that I never sent to any school	0
Thanks	2
This series is exactly what career day should've been, such interesting and knowledgeable people!	2
Very helpful and interesting video and covers almost all the areas with clear explanations. Thank you so much for the efforts	2
Whats your favorite SPORT? ????????????????????????????? https://youtu.be/A-nAyt1ATbk	1
Apple's major security flaws happened so many times. On the other hand, Android seems to have none in this past few months. Does this mean Android security is much stable than IOS?	1
This has been a year of enormous change for me. I moved to be close to family, I literally moved 3 times before I got into my house, I felt isolated in some ways and closer to my daughter and family in others. Ive been stressed, sad, happy, lonely, excited, worried, and confused. Im turning 79 in a week. Im alone this week. I hope 2022 is better.	1
"That ""diversify yoh bonds nigga"" is one of the most memorable lines from the show I remember. 
Good shit. "	2
A complete explanation with good details thanks ??	2
If you ever feel bad about eating a bag a Takis in one day, then remember that this guys will eating FIVE in one sitting with noodles!!	0
Get ready guys! ????	2
6:17- You know she can just pour the coke in the bottle right? She doesnt have to put the top on the coke. This is just my opinion though.	1
"George said it best: ""I was busy with this coup, so didn't have time to pack?"""	1
Has anyone ever gotten banned for a few hours or days from using /gm 1 in custom bedwars?	0
Considering that this was released in 2016 this film is scary prophetic with so many elements.	1
"Today 33 years ago (23 August 1989) millions of people from Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia formed the longest human chain ever (600 KM) across the three countries, to express their will to get rid of soviet totalitarism and imperialism. Few months later, they eventually would become free, independent states.

Three countries I deeply respect, at the frontline of stoneage, barbarian Russian imperialism."	1
ch rikaki th? so famas thm t? 2 t?c b?n v th?n kh ??i d??ng xem c?y no b?n nhanh h?n v?y ch	1
"Time Stamp:

0:00 - Introduction
0:31 - Scalars and Vectors
4:21 - Distance and Displacement
8:16 - Speed and Velocity
14:51 - Essential Formulas in Kinematics
22:45 - Practice Problem Part ""a""
28:16 - Practice Problem Part ""b"""	1
This is the only channel on which I am actually enthusiastic to read people's comments and input. Much respect to all the thinkers out here <3. Thank you School of life for this piece of art in itself.	2
"The light sensitivity and erratic behavior are symptoms of a person ""on the spectrum"". It is not uncommon for people like this to prefer lamps to ceiling lights as the glare is annoying to them. Lashing out comes from difficulty communicating, feeling different and knowing you are different, it is easy to believe that you are being mocked and lacking the skills to compete it is easier to flee than fight. Fishers mental health was probably not caused by chess but the pressure that came to surround him due to his success at chess. While playing he probably felt safe, knowing the rules, knowing everyone had to obey them and that he would not be mocked for some social faux pas he didn't understand or care about."	0
The semi-famous Stock to Flow model was invalidated, however some form of cycle theory certainly still exists  -  which doesn't really matter --- plan then invest / DCA in what you believe in AND have patience.	1
Your videos are amazing my man ??	2
Look at what mrbeast goes through for us what a legend	2
I bought a Series S when it first came out and a 3 year gamepass subscription. Was pretty impressed with the little beast but soon ran into the lack of free space to install games.  So I decided to sell the S and buy the Series X. Had the X now for a year  but the other day I suddenly realised that I hadn't turned on my series X for a week. And before that it was just sporadically. So decided to sell.  BUT,  I didn't want to completely move away from gaming and I managed to find an absolute awesome deal on a Series S.  140 euros with 2 controllers and 1 of those controllers is the 20th anniversary edition.  Going to sell that,  which will make my Series S end price probably around 60 euros. Can't get better than that!  For casual gamers,. like myself,  the Series S is a fantastic console.	2
Speed loves messi	1
Boosie is one of the realest can't go around that this man stands up for what he believes in ????	2
I like the mini Xbox display! I like how portable it is	2
*We enjoyed this drama but it gets better when you watch our New School channel*	2
Look man! You folks have changed my life!!! I've been struggling to make my design business profitable for almost a decade and because I couldn't figure it out myself, I've been being employed by companies that don't serve me or my wallet. I've been living short of my purpose - and I knew it. I have been watching this channel for 3 weeks and I have already started networking smarter, charging more, being more aggressive with my design style and approach. I feel confident and you, Chris Do, have given me that as a creative. I don't know if I'll ever be able to thank you/repay you, but know that you changed a man's life with what you know. Thank you so much and keep building the FUTUR(e).	2
I thought I did pretty well and then Timmy solved all 6 sides blindfolded lol	2
Thank you Jake, hold everyone regardless of affiliation accountable	2
"movie title is ""THE BLACK RIDER:  REVELATION"".  It is an ""After civilization falls survival film"" of fairly good quality."	2
"This guy is just wonderful, I like that sense of humor in a doctor. ""Dr, what is wrong with me?"" ""Yes."""	2
The vibes that the song gives they hit different! I cant be the only one who is just dancing automatically everytime the song plays?	2
The finance minister of TN is more intelligent than 4 of them combined.	2
what nikhil says from 23:00 is absolutely right. it might seem it's cheap to the foreign viewers. but in reality it is actually quite expensive for the indian population.	1
The Roman Senate awarded the honorific title of Augustus to Octavian in 27 BC. after he settled accounts with Antony and Cleopatra.	1
What a life this man's living, while helping those in need of help. Kudos.	2
As a Belgian who speaks Dutch, when I've seen her speak English she felt like a big celebrity but when watching this video she felt like the girl next door to me.	1
"Declawing cats.
Stop calling it declawing, it has nothing to do with the claws.
As the vet said, it is amputating the toes.
Cats have claws. If you have a problem with claws, dont get a cat."	0
No matter how bad things seem, NOW remains one of the best times to have ever lived on Earth. Even simple things like being able to poop in a toilet, wash your hands, roof over your head, no concern for your life or next meal.... is an absolute luxury in comparison to all the generations before us	2
"Dear Jed, I'm a ComSci student but I don't really watch you because you're into Computer Science, but I watch you just because. 
I really enjoy your daily vlogs and videos, obviously its a plus when computer science is involved, just like when you made that messaging app that looks like discord. My point is that don't be too conscious of your viewers and just make videos and follow your heart!"	2
dude it's amazing how much you were able to balance so many things in your daily life I envy it!	2
"Steven: learned everything in a week
Me: Learns how to make a cube in a month."	1
Absolutely love the discussions about the stock markets.  Your crypto approach is tied to the performance of bitcoin, which is (usually) tied to the stock market.  Your stock market analysis helps to solidify your approach to crypto.  Keep it up!	2
finally, a cube i can solve!	2
Only halfway into the video. The way of breaking down the job roles within the industry has been immensely helpful and information friendly to new gamers, designers or hopefuls wanting to join the game industry.	2
This guy advice terrible somedays age he told to buy meta??	0
As part of a plant anatomy class, many years ago, we did field measurements to determine whether a population of trees in a particular canyon represented two distinct species or showed evidence of interbreeding. I never saw the results of the analysis of that data, but it should have looked very much like some of what's presented in this video.	1
Glad that you included India in this series. During the lockdown my wife and I used to enjoy a KFC drive through a bit too often in the UK. Love from UK. ????	2
Fajny film szefuniciu	1
I guess this is the best Guinness record of all time mainly because of his hardwork and dedication to make this...	2
My favorite part was Morbius is saved by She-Hulk in the first episode.  Their scene celebrating in the Champaign Room afterward was a comedy goldmine.  He repays her kindness by teaching her the secret of activating full power with Morbin Time!	2
This channel helped me get an A+ in Physics 7...Your time is truly worth it for these videos	2
He seems VERY passionate about Biology. The way that he explains these things makes it seem like he really loves his job. I admire people who can be passionate about their jobs.	2
Lmao yessss I love the RP nerd trolling like Star Wars and Harry Potter	2
hey tanqr love the content tanqr Keep it Up!	2
Sir, as far as calculus goes, both differential and integral, this is by far your best video. This clip helped me immensely in regards to being able to verbally express the purpose of each of the branches of calculus. Again, very well done :) !	2
I feel like pride and prejudice by Jane Austen was the perfect introduction to classics for me because I was so familiar with the plot that the language wasnt insanely difficult!	2
"I swear to God, every ""can I have this exotic pet"" question can just be answered with the words ""Do you know what 'domestication' is and how long it takes?"""	0
What an amazing interview.  Elon's faith in the future  of humanity is inspiring and his closng words of advice are gold...if we want a great future we must do our part and make it happen.  My gratitude to all involved.	2
J'ai h?te de jouer  ce jeux. J'espre qu'il va bien tre optimis sur Switch.	1
Steve Bannon calling people lawless.  Priceless.	0
Also please suggest courses which are gonna help in conducting medical research data analysis!	2
I grew up listening to Nickelback. I actively like them. My parents have literally seen them live over 5 times.... like come on.	2
The Hoto laser was a pretty good change of pace, loved it. Feels very complementary to the theme of office gadgets! Keep em coming! Ideas: specific under-desk drawers, and other more furniture alike stuff that will make your setup noice.	2
I < must say that you are the most erudite and smart analyst in the crypto space. First of all, you're just awesome! I've been following for months now and the cinematic videos, excellent insight and comedic tone are outstanding. Before anything else, I would like to say that no one can exactly predict in days how long a bear or bull market could last or how low and high the prices can go, but we can try to make predictions using past events, I think prices should run up a lot now, punishing panic sellers and forced sellers. Most new traders struggle at first to make sense of the markets and how to put their portfolios in a position to flourish. Many try to start on their own and quickly end up with a string of losses, slowly seeing their accounts dwindle to what they started off as. Everyone is looking at the bitcoin price action from a 2021 bull run perspective. Everything has changedwe are in a recession, facing stagflation, rising rates, and energy shortages driving food and living costs through the roof, breaking consumers backs. <There are different strategies to profit from the crypto market but holding and waiting for a major pump is not the best way to earn profits off the market, smart investors trade and take short-term profits. I've made over 11 BTC with 2.1 BTC retail trading, not on my own but with the help of a professional who has reputable background and understanding of the market, Kyle Miller, I came across his channel where he shares his charts. <The selling fatigue will wane, and the market will reset. Historically, fortune favored the ones who bought in thought moments, in moments of uncertainty, when prices traded close to the 200wMA.<You can reach MR. Kyle on ?eI???m KyleMiller3  Cheers thank me later.	2
Sir if you write a definition of all the terminalogy that has used in the topic it will be very helpful for all of us.	2
What an amazing story is being uncovered and told!  So many generations, so many lives, so many experiences!  We owe a great deal to those that came before us and should pass on the best of what we have learned to those who will follow!  We are all different and unique, yet we share what is most important: humanity.	2
People who go to gym regularly will be able to understand that plank thing????????	1
I am not even in high school or junior high, and I am learning this. This person behind the screen teaching is so awesome! He makes it so easy to understand everything and explains words and phrases. I really hope to learn more from him!	2
Thanks dude.  Your leak theories are very practical.	2
Bit at the end made me wonder if I'm merely a computer. Great episode! -John	2
The only issue is that the majority of customers are re-sellers. So most consumers arent getting the discount. But either way it helps the environment which is great.	2
This needs to be on Spotify ??	2
Low scores should never be a veto on a students life - that hit me hard	0
AMERICANS ARE SINCERELY HOPING MG KEEP HIS WORDS.	1
you dont understand anything until youre able to explain it to someone whos never studied it this guy understands it	1
"Buy one get one free
Person: but its only 1 cube?
*the cube:*"	1
The claim about the quantum computer came and went. I'm not sure who is on top. I'd like to see more of the Chinese tech. We seem to have very little insight into what they are doing.	1
"This video: Understand calculus in 35 minutes
Me taking Calculus-1 for the 4th time:"	1
"A clear picture of ""India Today-A Miracle"" through the eyes of a Tamilian - Dr.PTR..Great Sir !!"	2
I agree with you. It doesn't make sense for someone to go to a comedy show and  be mad.In reality comedians are a stress reliever.	0
Congrats on two years of exciting development! Incredibly inspiring.	2
"Drew: Not all these designs look perfect in this space. 
Designs: all look perfect in the space ?? I love it I'm a big fan of your videos."	2
Great reaction! Askeladd was actually serious about having Thors becoming their leader but he said he was joking when he saw the disapproval on his face.	2
Cara que trailer lindo...que trilha fantstica ????????????????...que seja uma grande homenagem a Chadwick ele merece????	2
Dynamic writers iddaru ??	2
"Genuine director Puri sir
Weting tha pokiri 2 . movie sir please ????"	2
I cant believe I learned this in less than a day! If I knew you long time ago I would have been a guru by now. Always scared of coding, now you made me love it. You are so great!!! Thanks a million	2
This actually came out 14 years ago! Damn time flies I must admit I had no business listening to music like this at such a young age, but this is a classic. WHOS STILL HERE IN 2022??	0
Reading Bill Brysona a short history of nearly everything. Had to pull out my microbiology with taxonomy textbook. Thank you for your detailed presentations they are helping immensely with understanding this tip of the iceberg.	2
I might upgrade from my 11 Pro to the 14 Max. I guess I dont care enough to spend the money on the pro Max, but I want the bigger display and better battery life	2
Thank you so much for covering Rosalind Franklin, some of my previous instructors only briefly mention her and they rarely discuss her major contributions to the discovery of the DNA structure.	2
"1. The Bible (Luke)
2. The Bible (Romans)
3. Plato's Apology (Grube)
4. Antigone 
5. Ovid Metamorphoses 
6. Suetonius (Caligula)
7. Sir Gawan and the Green Knight
8. Heart of Darkness 
9. Huckleberry Finn
10. The Great Gatsby"	1
Saddakur incoming when he cant deliver.  The sheer overconfidence they project as underdogs is off putting. Not in touch with reality.	0
How can one spend his entire life working on something and then not have 13 hours to see the whole thing ?	0
I love lofi beats. Just helps me get through the day and stay productive with my own music! Thanks for this man	2
I'm amazed at how players are able to react in the moment in ways that seem superhuman, and then sometimes they don't even react as if it was special.	2
In my dissertation work, I used the non-fluorescent halves of different fluorescent proteins and engineered expression vectors for genes that encoded these appended to target proteins (wt and oncogenic mutant c-Fes kinases) such that the targets would be competent/functional with the attached FP halves, but then when they bind/dimerize/oligomerize to perform phosphorylation-dependent enzymatic activity, then the FP halves would bind as well to become a whole fluorescent protein tagging the target protein dimers! This approach allowed us to observe the action of our targets, localization, quantify dimerization (as a proxy for kinase function in this case as well), etc. Molecular biology is built upon so many tools/techniques that are in and of themselves amazing!	1
abi ltfen h?rs?s serisini yabarm?s?n ltfen ??????	2
13:16 i guess solution for little puzzle is like this:knight h4 queen has 2 more options g4 square e5 and d5 all of this moves lead them lose their queen after whites move knight f6 and queen is gone	1
"In my opinion, despite my fascination for the topic, an exoskeleton is a an autonomous Robot built around the human shape with the purpose of giving its ""pilot"" (haha) a sense of being superior while executing lowest work dependent on the mood of it's programmer/superuser, replacing the pilot when needed and sending all his collectable data to the company that is worried about our future with the best intentions.
Take a look at this no.1-picture: It may now be real, but every Buster Crabbe sci fi, sorry Buck Rogers ans Flash Gordon bw-series, is showing superior uniforms that look not half as clumsy and sluggish like this shown prosthesis."	1
the people that make these maps are legends	2
Im in a transitional point in life at 50 as I discover what Im most passionate aboutwhats next for me. Bevys talk was inspiring and right on time. Cheers to It gets greater later!	2
can we just appreciate my guy sitting there for 3.5 hours and making this video. thanks a lot for the help man	2
Morgan this is awesome! One, because I love league of legends (been playing since like season 6) and it's just amazing to see people that have a vision for their life, plan, work hard to achieve it and succeed. I'm one of those as well. Got a degree in Neuroscience/Psychology. Fell in love with web dev. Learned the skills that I needed, and been working as a web dev for about 6 months, and life has been a dream ever since!	2
Do one on Fernando Pessoa please, he is a genius.	2
"I love that even the indigenous people from Australia, who already deal with tons of weird animals, were like: ""Nah this little guy is too weird to be normal."""	0
The talks were good. But their personal reflections were amazing. We really put these guys on a pedestal but we tend to ignore the emotional impact of solo development. The gratification when the project is finished is amazing but the journey there definitely seems like a rollercoaster.	2
"How To Solve the Rubik's Cube FASTER ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmeleO65BHc

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE COMMENTING.

I try to reply often, but ""I don't get step X"" or ""it doesn't work"" is too unspecific and I can't help unless I know exactly what problem you have.


*MAKE SURE YOU KNOW THE 4 MOVES*
1:52 has the 4 moves, and you have to be able to do this to understand what ""4 moves"" means when I use it again later on.

*COMMON FIRST LAYER PROBLEMS*
Step 1 & 2. If the side colors of the cross or first layer don't line up the way I showed it in the video, then you need to redo it. Pay attention to ALL of the colors on one piece, and don't just pick white pieces randomly. I talk about this in the video, how I'm trying to match the other colors of the white piece (like white/orange etc.)

*TAKING PIECES OUT OF THE SECOND LAYER*
Step 3. At 5:33 I say ""you should already know how to do this"". I admit this is unclear. You should insert a random yellow edge into the second layer using the same algorithm you use for solving the second layer. If this does not make sense, watch the example solve video linked at the bottom of this comment.

*COMMON TOP LAYER PROBLEMS*
Step 4. If you can only get 1 or 3 edge pieces of the top cross, you need to reassemble the cube as solved.
Step 5. There should be no problems here.
Step 6. If you ever get only 2 corners in the correct location, you need to reassemble the cube as solved.
Step 7. Finish the 4 moves (don't stop at 3) every time. Turn the bottom (don't rotate the whole cube) to get the next piece. If it STILL does not work, you need to reassemble the cube as solved.

""Why do I need to reassemble the cube?""
Randomly assembling the cube only has a 1/12 chance of being solvable. If you've ever taken the cube apart or twisted corner pieces, then that can be the problem. If stickers have been switched, you will have to switch them back.

Full example solve: https://youtu.be/DepFQpJ5KqU"	0
This trio has to do more videos together its straight up comedy	2
"OMG! Love this!
Thanks for actually speaking at a rate that I can follow. Other videos are edited and sliced together so tightly that it has NO pauses in between sentences for the information to sink in."	2
Thank you very much! I've just finished my first semester at c.s and indeed we did all of those! This is great for showing what will be in the first semester.	2
"His ability to sing so flawlessly in such a crazy head voice, his vocal range is ridiculous!
That vocal technique along with the lyrics and instrumental makes this song so impressive and iconic"	2
So glad this made it to Chris' desired metric! I'm only 15 minutes in and have received massive value from this. Thank you so much Chris. I am still in the beginning stages of getting my photo/video portfolio ready, but this massively changes how I think about pricing and will be extremely beneficial when I start to take on paid work.	2
"Jimmy: Theres an ant in it

Professional: That actually increases the value"	1
Her skin is sooo perfect without any make up on, I am really interested in her everyday skin care routine and special things she does (if at all?) and the products she uses!	2
Y'all really left out SD Gundam like it's not one of the best games out of all these	1
Todo se me antoja ??	2
I am a third year majoring in computer engineering and this video explains transistors and logic gates better than a semester class.	2
"In Germany, right next to where I live (around 500m from my House) there is a small farm with a rather large Chapel next to it. 

The story behind that Chapel is, that the old Farmer who used to live there built it in order to keep a promise he made to God. He was in the battle of Stalingrad, survived, got captured and shipped to Siberia. While there he promised God, that if he made it out alive, he would erect a Chapel in His honor. 

He died around 15 years ago, very kind man and a good friend of my family. But you could tell that these experiences left their mark on him, as one of his main topics of conversation was always about food (where to get the best bread, who in our village made the best cake etc.)."	1
"16:39 what is statistics?
18:20 what is data?
21:00 types of statistics
30:00 Population and sample
34:24 Sampling technique(1) - Simple Random Sampling 
37:50 Sampling technique(2) - Stratified Sampling
42:40 Sampling technique(3) - Systematic sampling
46:00 Sampling technique(4) - Convenient Sampling
53:00 variables
55:00 Types of variables
56:00 quantitative variables
56:45 qualitative variables
59:35 types of quantitative vars
1:06:15 Measurement of variables
1:14:10 Frequency Distribution"	1
Absolutely love this look I recreated it today I'm obsessed lol thanks girl	2
Out of all the Tech YouTubers I know, I really think Forrest gives the most practical advice for getting in the industry. Thank you for that????	2
Perfect vibe for friday ????	2
*I love how happy she looks while shes eating its adorable*	2
If we could just get support for older games to run at higher frame rates and resolutions that would be amazing.	2
Initially      When I heard that Hrithik Roshan is playing role of Veda ,I doubted if he could fit into that role which Vijay Sethu Pathi immortalized that Character.After watching the Teaser I am surprised and excited to see Veda in this remake version.. Congratulations to both Heroes Hrithik Roshan and ofcourse  Vikram role is tailor made for Saif ali Khan .	2
"TLDR:

1) own something
2) try to make it a monopoly (either legally or physically, e.g. tie it your personality)"	1
95% of Traders lose, learn to hold. No one goes from broke to rich without market pain. Stop selling and buying on emotion, Investment and Hold get through the pain in 5 years You'll do great don't buy meme coins. If it hadn't been with the help of Antonio Carlson, whom I can't thank enough. I had already given up on crypto after losing so much money	1
thanks Harry for informative videos..i have a concerning question regarding  choosing Data Science as non-tech background. with growing data science students would u think it will be still in demand in next 2-3 yrs or so, like if we start on this path it would take 2-3 yrs and by that time it might be outdated or there will be abundance of Data scientist? How about Videos on Data scientist as a freelancer. thanks again.	1
"If you're ever in a Mr. Beast challenge, always remember.
Whatever Karl and Nolan do is always untrustable."	0
The volley was great but Cucurellas cross was also a thing of beauty	2
One of the best, perfectly-paced, Typescript tutorials out there. Unfortunate that you don't use curly braces with your if statements. One of the biggest causes of bugs for new and even experienced JS programmers. Hubris is the only reason not to use them.	0
Nothing new, just Gura's necessity of sharing her cursed knowledge every once in a while.	1
its crazy how much Haaland can affect the game even with few touches, his runs are always pulling players and opening up space for city to play. Once they start getting used to him being there for tap ins too, its gonna be even scarier	0
This is the 2020s matt hoss zone. Soon hell be riding a scooter delivering pizza lol	1
Would be great to have a list of the actual locations! I wouldn't mind checking them myself.	2
Honestly.. I've been suicidal the past few months and I discovered this last night.. Its honestly saved my life because it calms down my negative thoughts and drifts me to sleep. So thank you so much	2
It's so crazy that this week they reacted to the post Dressrossa bounties and we're getting post wano bounties in this week's manga chapter ????	2
I love this woman's attitude! She's funny, captivating and interesting too! For me, step 1 of controlling my time would be to stop watching YouTube though...	2
"All:wow how he solved that 
Me: thinking why he is saying cube to a pyrimid shape??"	1
"All wars are terrible but honourable in defence of one's country! 
Slava Ukraine!!!"	0
oh my goodness. I needed this video for years. I graduated 14 years ago. I have also struggled with imposter syndrome. In recent years I finally started vocalizing that I didn't enjoy coding.  I felt like a rather intelligent person until I got into the deep coursework of my computer science degree. I love how honest and open you are about this and it's going to help so many students who are currently in the thick of this difficult degree.	2
#1 could be the oldest known time capsule. They could have made it in a time of peace and prosperity? Maybe?	2
Just in case  you didn't know, bedrock edition has a chance of not having a portal room. this makes it really hard for speedrunners to use bedrock because if they get to the strong hold in just 10 minutes, it might not even have a portal room...	0
You can see the pain in his face when hes not joking. Divorce is hard and so painful and to have people turn their backs on you compounds it. I wish him well.	0
This channel wants me to get more and more healthier every day	2
"AC3 was super annoying when first released because of having to pass the mission the first time without any retry. 

Problem was, the controls were clunky af and the goals of the missions most of the time were annoying or without too much logic like ""do not touch water""."	0
After probably three decades this song came to mind out of the blue - still as good now as it was when it first came out in the 90s.	2
When I was drafted in 1964, my starting pay was $99 per month.  When I  got married later that year, my wife's allotment of $230 per month was more than twice my base pay.  And, when I was injured in a role as support for a certain civilian agency violating the law in southeast Asia, I was called a liar and threatened with a court martial.  I am proud of my service to my country, but being in the service ducks.	0
the hand movements along with the rain = i love it beyond words ??	2
"I'm concerned about the federal government sending workers to sneak into Saskatchewan and trespass on private property.
Then there's the sending MP's to Taiwan to stir the war pot also 
did anyone else notice the very enthusiastic greeting deputy tweak gave the German chancellor?  She know he's probably only here to have a hot shower ?"	0
When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone , he had 2 missed calls from Zlatan ??	1
*Money is an issue that everyone has for a better and luxurious life, life was really hell for me until i got into crypto investment since 2016 and am actually glad i started crypto when I did because its been a turning point for me financially, i can't ever regret making the greatest move that has changed my life financially today*	2
I'm so happy that you started giving courses on machine learning. I appreciate your clear teaching style.	2
"Two Broken Nintendo Switches in one video, that HAS to be a record... What's the WEIRDEST Amazon Product you've ever found??

Use my code BEATEMUPS10 and link: https://bit.ly/3jNozzk to get 10% off (save up to $47!) your own authentic Japanese subscription box from Bokksu! Don't miss out on this amazing snack-journey through Japan! Sponsored by Bokksu! ??"	2
Wow. This is actually very thoughtful of you. Sharing your tips, tricks, and experiences. Im taking my first PSAT soon, and your videos have inspired me to start seriously studying. Thanks and a hearty congrats on your 1600!	2
I like diamond's ??? room so much ????????	2
Way to go for our president Biden	2
Muito feliz em ver a continua??o de Shrek e sua esposa! ??	2
After seeing good ol' Spidey in this trailer, now I want the game even more.	2
1:13 essa transi??o do Namor crian?a para ele adulto j como rei  sensacional. S isso j passa toda a imponncia do personagem. Tava em falta um personagem assim na Marvel, j que transformaram o Thor em um palha?o.	1
It's interviews like this that give people like him legitimacy when they don't deserve any. Giving a platform to dishonesty is not  balance or equity.	0
Brilliant documentary! Jim Al-Khalili is an incredible presenter! It so impressive how he manages to communicate this immensely complicated stuff in a way that people actually can understand it.	2
You know, if you just spend an extra $10-20, you can buy rechargeable batteries for Xbox controllers ??	2
At this point we need an episode of what Link eats in a week because Im convinced he doesnt eat anything with flavor or seasonings. like a toddler	0
Very well done. I liked your analogy with football (soccer) and the microscope to start. As you went on I got more interested and I had to buy the book to learn more. Although I am not a scientist of cells, I am a scientist of knowledge, so your book will add to my knowledge base and maybe a breakthrough for me in certain aspects of my domain.	2
The Revelation behind this movie is so divine. A great Applause for the Production of this movie.	2
HE BEEN DROPPIN' THESE MUSIC VIDEOS LIKE CRAZY!	1
Im most excited for X-men 97 from the animated shows. Marvel Zombies sounds cool & Im looking forward to the gore since its got a TV-MA rating.	2
I felt relax everytime I listened to this song, like I am on my own world alone, without toxicity and stress ??	2
High fashion is sometimes very abstract, very elitist, very bizarre and sometimes purely ridiculous. But if you push all of the crazy price tags aside and all the ridiculous celebrity endorsers too, you find artisans, people who study and excel in a craft. They deserve to be highlighted more. Behind that overpriced Chanel bag is a leather/chain/fabric artisan and years of creative thought and passion. Fast fashion is slowly killing our planet (water consumption, landfills, toxic chemical dumped in village waters, people paid pennies etc), haute couture is rare, its scarce. I find the luxury scene beyond ridiculous but I love my high end pieces, that have lasted me years and will continue to do so. Behind these fashion shows are artisans, that will always be better than any fast producing machine.	0
At least in my town, we have 1 old zoning law that prevents THOUSANDS of affordable lots from being developed. Lift that restriction and ideally streamline permitting and loosen regulations. But they won't. Too much local vested interest in keeping the supply down. I know my town isn't the only one with this zoning law.	0
When you level up in a game and there's so many dang rewards:	2
The SAT is still way easier than most other country's entrance exams	2
Essa msica  muito louca	1
Looking better, but I will still need to see reviews after that first showing.	2
Hey I'm really impressed by your french pronounciation, even in other videos your foreign languages sound flawless. Could you make a video about yourself? Like who you are, what do you do and so on	2
"Your content is always so relaxing???? like literally- I almost fell asleep after only one minute of this masterpiece!??
I hope you know that we all rly appreciate you taking time out of ur day to make us happy ????Love you so much! ????"	2
"""Hey, scramble this for me really quick."""	1
"The trouble is that this man hit the nail on the head when he said that he would find it inappropriate to become part of a team attempting to tear down the justice system. You could start off with the best of intentions, but in no time at all you would find yourself standing in shit up to your neck. There is no way of working with Trump and ""doing it right"", forget it."	0
This dude is an absolute legend. Spitting wisdom and working the class like a bad crowd on an open mic night and the 872 thumbs down are from unemployed Harvard students.	2
Keep up the fight Ms Cheney. Country over party!	2
1:15:52 Don't Miss.....????????	1
??	2
Ron & Don livin the CON!	2
As someone living in the future, I can confirm that this is perfectly accurate.	2
wait you got a 1500 without any preparations? people cant even get that scores after so many practices	0
Hey Azzy, I wanted to make a suggestion that you start crediting where you found the videos you react to, maybe with the social handles on screen. Youre a huge YouTuber, and you could really give people a boost and help them just by showing their name on your channel!	2
Crypto is off helping to regulate<, rather than pretend it won't ever happen.  The big institutions getting in is the catalyst that will launch us into  the stratosphere.  Most people don't like change but after the change is made they grow used to it and it becomes a non issue usually because their fears never materialize. And benefits they were unaware with before turn out to be far more beneficial.  Few if any rug pulls.  The projects that initiated the process of regulation have not been ruined, they got involved in setting guidelines and helping the regulators understand the crypto space. Id get involved more knowing that I have made over 16` btc from day-trade with Axel William Crypto in few weeks.	1
This was amazing! Great way to do things differently(: youve always been a huge inspiration for my content thanks for always inspiring me	2
When it comes to in game customization, I go crazy for it!  So far, from what Ive seen if that in this game, Im super hyped!!	2
"Please help us assess how ""helpful"" this update really is and fill out the survey. Thanks!"	2
"Todos que acompanhavam o Hulk em quadrinhos v?o concordar comigo.....
O gigante verde , alter ego incontrolvel de Bruce Banner que era mortal mais poderoso da terra e agora, o transformaram nessa figura ridcula....
O incrvel Hulk agora s na lembran?a ??????"	1
The Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell	1
Awesome video. Very inspiring! Just started my C# journey a while back and gonna be jumping in Unity soon, I hope I will be making as much progress as you did damn!	2
I chose a 'Computer Science with Software Engineering' degree and the doors of opportunity ?? have been opening ever since.	2
SUBSCRIBE! ?? Also follow me on twitch :) https://www.twitch.tv/barji	2
You are a VERY smart salesman and entrepreneur Iman. Much respect	2
Amazing!!	2
Step 1: don't be afraid of math	1
"*34:35*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
I love this song its so catchy	2
"I have been playing the Grnfeld for sometime now and honestly, against 1300 lower its not that bad if you do a little study. 
Won very good games with c5."	2
Awesome video, thanks for putting in the effort to make this!  It's funny, I was totally uninterested in anything to do with math or statistics while I was in school, but now I think this stuff is really cool!  Being able to use data to learn from the past and guide your actions in the future...what's not to like?	2
Yo you helping this kid is the best thing on YouTube	2
I failed Biology 3 times already, this is my 4th time taking the class. First time actually trying to seriously understand it. Ive been watching your videos that relate to what were learning in class, I want to thank you for helping me earn a 92% on my first exam. Im so grateful for you!	2
Very easy way to learn java with this course. Previously I was always scared to learn java. But this course really boost confidence in me. Learning java with fun. Thanks ????	2
esta bueno el video xd es chido :)	2
Taking physics this upcoming fall semester. Have zero idea about what I'm getting myself into & I'm shaky in math. I figured I'd get a head start. Thank you!	2
I feel bad for the cop who arrested him because he'll probably get worse punishment than this criminal.	0
I'll wait until they are fully finished ?? don't get me wrong the suit looks good actually but  I needed that movie looking suit with that actual texture and velvety red and blue look with those ballgy glassy eyes	2
"Normal plants: I live in harmony with animals and sometimes even cooperate with them.

Venus fly trap: PEACE WAS NEVER AN OPTION"	1
"No one:
Chemist: *I'll just throw acid on a gas vehicle*"	0
me parecio interesante, ahora creo que habra menos fallos en votaciones e influencias como en twitter	1
An idea for the rock skins: maybe you can make them the gemstones in the cave and make them unlockable by interacting with the gemstones down there? Sounds pretty neat	2
Aqu estoy yo nuevamente, en su doceavo aniversario. Y an lloro con tantos recuerdos, sin embargo soy feliz de verlos crecer como solistas. Siempre orgullosa de ustedes: baby Li, Ni, Hazza, Lou, y mi chico Zayn. Los amo para siempre ????	2
Really  love Boy George- such a great musician and interesting person.	2
lost my sister to cancer,this was playing on the radio in the hospital and i cant listen to it without crying	0
Dani is literally the reason I've started game dev. He might not realize this but he's inspired alot of people including me. And  karlson is literally my dream game...mainly because I grew up playing mirror's edge and other parkour games.	2
Doesnt matter who we buy at this point. Once theyre here theyll regress beyond recognition.	0
Bro you do so much for so many, just watching what you do for others makes me tear up almost every time!!! I love you man!!!!!! Thank you for being a real man!!!!	2
This is India and power of indian government ,, power of India's pm	1
I'm just upset because they don't tell me where the hell these places are.	0
Sir, as an older woman who found Chemistry to be impossible when I was at school,  I thank you for this!	2
"1. Flipping items
2. Edit podcasts
3. Course Creation Project Manager 
4. Transcription 
5. Sell Blank Books on Amazon 
6. Freelance Copywriter 
7. Pinterest Account Manager 
8. Course Creator
9. Drone Videographer"	1
I can't see myself getting tired of their songs, this song is one of their best	2
The market is always seems unpredictable while looking at the price action, i need to know if buying crypto is gonna make good profit in coming months..	1
Thanks for the video! Getting into my first math CS courses and it's been challenging, but you're absolutely right. Hard work is what helps you get better at math and understand concepts not memorize formulas.	2
"*This video is not for children, it's shocking* ALLTIME.ML
Mr. Dunn - respect to you."	0
omg thats so cool congrats on the new switch! this was so relaxing to watch	2
Great video. I look forward to teaching my children these valuable lessons if the current curriculum doesn't go over these important subjects.	2
"Perfeitaaa ??
Olhei e gritei: ""atriz"", kkk 
O vdeo ficou muito bom, tu s perfeita no que faz ??"	1
Good Show!  I used to listen to coast to coast radio, and head a eye witness explain that the grey appeared right in front of him while walk through long park alone in Seattle Washington. He said the Grey just stood there and grew a armor suit right out of its skin, and when it covered its face it had the giant tear drop eyes always seen, he said the grey had more humanoid eyes like ours until the suit covered it.	2
excellent coaching, the tutor is great.......................Thank you for this course	2
Outstanding sir Richard. I will have an interview next week, your videos assisting me a lot. Pray for my interview and secure the job afterwards. Thank you	2
"Okay enough with the dudes lets give the ladies a time to shine

*shows one girl*"	1
"?? DP TOUR TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW 
?? http://DudePerfect.com/Tour"	2
One of the best anime I've watched. I love the opening. It's giving a quite nostalgic vibes that feels as if you're in journey as in a fairytale. Flying in the air, imagining myself as a witch. Indeed, this song suits this style for this anime. I absolutely love Elaina...??????	2
It's really good to see Nick helping out small chefs like Gordon Ramsey. The community appreciates it, Nick!	2
Me encantaria probar tu comida ???? se ve devina	2
"OP
_
:2020OP`1??"	1
James and Lucy are hilarious, the way he turns and menacingly stares into the camera and goes Get out. and then Lucy going, There is something wrong with your computer, you have a computer virus.	0
High on life might be coming in December but you can pre install it now I done it yesterday	1
"Vielleicht bekommt ja der Lightning Anschluss der Iphones ein ""Speed Update"" auf USB 3(.x). Das hatten sie auch im letzten Ipad Pro verbaut (allerdings damals ein langsamer USB 3 Chip der nur rund die doppelte USB 2 Geschwindigkeit konnte).  Also Technisch w?re es ja machbar wenn sie wollten. Dann w?ren auch die gro?en Videos schneller am PC/Mac"	1
i like how he actually started trying at the end there to get revenge xd	2
Sim, no FH2 os carros quebram desse jeito a mesmo, e, o jogo era mais hardcore os itens do mapa (poste, parede, muro) n?o quebram como quebram atualmente no FH5 e 4.	1
even sykkuno is jamming to this song during getaways NODDERS	2
Loving the new hair colour! Hope the move has been going well and that everything you've packed made it safely. Thanks for the video and have a good one.	2
C I G A R E T T E S	1
Such raw emotion from Leon. You can see how much all of this means to him. All that hard work and sacrifice is coming out.	2
"1. They were not at Dragonstone for the Great Council at the beginning. They were at Harrenhal.

2. Otto Hightower is playing the game. If Lady Alicent gains the king's favor, House Hightower moves up from being a noble house to a royal one. They would gain more power and influence."	1
This game is incredible, good work ????	2
"Teacher: well what we learn today?
The kids: that spiders come from holes in bananas!
Teacher:"	1
I think the fact that Greg Locke gives his crazy sermons in a circus tent is poetic.	1
This is without a doubt one of the movies of this year.	2
I was having a bad day  but this brought me a lot of joy!!! Danny Devito is just precious! He always makes me laugh! ?	2
Great job accomplishing so much when you were so young. It's great to see how many different genres you tried too. Would love to see what you are working on currently!	2
I actually really like that stand, the triangle stands never let me show the logo on the cube and stand at the same time	2
The quality of what you achieved so far is amazing! Tourney Manager gave me tons of Mount & Blade vibes.	2
It's time to stop treating these people like they have any honor, decency or redeeming qualities. They don't.	0
"So...he thinks buying stocks now is smart?

I feel sorry for anyone buying stocks right now"	0
Wow you guys are so good at building!	2
I love blues, what a beautiful music. It echoes every where inside my mind	2
I got a bad feeling about jay doing experiments next thing you know he creates some kinda SCP pony	0
S musicas top, um das melhores playlist	1
"I'm pretty sure this wasn't actually the case, but it almost ""looked like"" Magnus made a ""bet"" (maybe with himself) that he could make X number of moves with his queen and y number of moves with his king and still win or, maybe, just still reach move 30.  That would explain both his laughter and generally humorous demeanor and amateur-like play.  This might be considered some innocent type of trolling or even an inside joke, but I suspect that if something akin or analogous to this had occurred in the NBA or NFL or MLB, some persons would be calling for an investigation.  Just looking for a hypothesis that would account for what occurred in game one of the Carlsen -Firouzja match.  (Note how strangely Carlsen played in game four, was it?, of his match with Pragg.)  I don't know how much Las Vegas type betting goes on with respect to the world of chess, but a game like this could make someone who put money on the game very unhappy.  In some ways, it was embarrassing to watch.  I don't believe that type of behavior advanced the cause of pro chess."	1
"5 Free Movies on YouTube (availability subject to change)

5. Hackers - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T_CqqjOPDc&t
4. Idiocracy - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Tv5shB4Gg0
3.  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADqEJ9LePcs&t
2. The Silence of the Lambs - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjXxLJXxXEE
1. The Truman Show - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKgH2ijiHE4


5 FREE Hidden Gems on YouTube

5. Sidekicks - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxRLtte8EIU
4. Penelope - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOVy12Gcp7Y
3. Troll 2 - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpv8ycjfIYI
2. Milius - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1N8ORBMorxE

1. Primer - PAID ALREADY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9A7fCKM4ERA
    **FREE Low Quality version of Primer - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fg7cPjQWjKg&t

PRIMER was removed as FREE just after this video was complete and uploaded. It is available to rent most places you rent movies if you find the low quality version linked above to be unwatchable. Apologies, but as I said YouTube will add and remove their FREE movies chaotically. Here is the full list of FREE YOUTUBE MOVIES: https://www.youtube.com/feed/storefront?bp=kgEDCPYDogUCKAU%3D

Get Your Universal Yums Box: 
https://shareasale.com/r.cfm?b=1453410&u=2342711&m=85760&urllink=&afftrack="	1
Steven, this video was awesome! You clearly put a lot of preparation into your lessons, and the slide visuals are top notch compared to most other CS educational videos. You definitely earned a subscriber	2
"Lol omfg, all this time I also thought Lotteria was Korean .......my bad. ^-^"""	0
Keep up the good work!	2
Mitrovic just sores up on headers.. its nearly unstoppable for smaller players	2
"Ebaaa finalmente parte 4 




Da ? por favor"	2
Thank you so much! Very clear and neat explanation! I hope you will continue diving deeper into detailed concepts rather than concentrating only on basics. Your way of explanation plus the details would be the great video for all I think!	2
I'm sorry but Songbyrds husband really creeps me out lol and foodie beauty really sitting there passing gas and not caring? How disgusting can you be?! No manners or self respect. Anyways I love your videos ?? God bless ?	0
Funny how there's a new hack discovered everytime Apple is within days of revealing a new phone huh?!	2
Pin me I always watch your vids	1
This is gold., Thanks mate, just about to begin my journey of learning Data Science and Machine Learning and this has definitely helped me to orient myself within the field. All the best.	2
I have used Galaxy Tab S7 during my Ph.D. It's been a lifesaver for me. First of all, it is really good for reading journals, note taking and scribbling on the pdf's, secondly, it doesn't strain your eye that much when you use a computer or a laptop always at a fixed distance, thirdly you get the premium version of noteshelf free with Tab s7 and lastly if you are from a STEM background and use a lot of illustrations or flow process diagrams, you can draw those easily with the stylus on Tab s7. I choose tab s7 over Apple Ipad Air for its ease of use, user interface, and cost (you get stylus for free with Tab S7 and in most cases keyboard too with a huge student discount).	2
We need more new deadpool trolling video, it's just too good.	2
Hi!~ I love your music ?????? it makes me feel really good. Nice day for all <3	2
with hardware announcements dominating this year's IO, Google is going bang on to its rival Apple. But Apple will always hold the edge over privacy. Tabs, I guess pixel won't be able to compete with iPad but it will surely make some dent initially. Lastly, the watch is interesting thing to look forward to...	2
Like the chief who saw his people fighting amongst themselves and only thinking about what they want ,he said a a single arrow each will break ,however as a bundle of arrow we are strong.	1
"the first game is awesome
the second one just did what you wanted him to but nothing more
the third one was quite cool but a bit boring, also is horror game material
the fourth game looked like if it was made by a 10 year old but still cool"	2
"Prag is a Monster, I hope he will become one day WC.
I love this guy, he is a nice person and so humble.
Indians peoples can be proud of him."	2
Which means the taxpayers will have to foot the bill.	0
Awesome review! What are your thoughts on the picture quality compared to the LG C2 42? Does the matte coating make a noticeable difference to the picture quality? I want to get a new monitor for work and gaming but not sure if i should get the C2 at a cheaper price, this, or perhaps wait another year for something new?	2
I like how they said maybe in the future I guess it all depends but right now were just friends Guys dont pressure them into things! They might be a thing in the future but right now theyre friends and we can respect that!	2
Correction, in South Africa, Kaiser Chiefs fans take it too far	0
Hamko chahiye	1
I love lofi beats. Just helps me get through the day and stay productive with my own music! Thanks for this man	2
"I've been listening to this guy's speeches all day and it just resonates with me more than anything I have seen in a long time. I was misdiagnosed with adhd in elementary school (this wonderful psychologist actually told me in 5th grade that it was a misdiagnosis so I know). So I spent 5 years believing I had adhd when all I had was this thing called childhood. Eventually in 10th grade I switched to an alternative school and everything Robinson has said regarding alternative schools in his other speeches is spot on. I'm a senior at my alternative school, going to college next year and this school has had a profound impact on me. I'll spare the details, but I just want to confirm that alternative schools are very often the solution and right now what I'm most passionate about is making this education revolution happen and I will do everything in my power to achieve this. I wouldn't have this passion if it were not for my alternative school experience, which inspired learning instead of forcing conformity. 

Much thanks to Ken Robinson for his words of wisdom and innspiration andsharing his vision with us.

"	2
"????????? ??????? ????? ?? ??? ???? ?? ??? ???? ????? ??????? ?? ??????.
???? ????? ??? http://api.whatsapp.com/send?phone=918097426767&text=Hello_Movies
?? ???? ??? ?? ????? ???. ????? ??? ."	1
"00:00:00 (00) Introduction to the Video / Speaker / ML / Agenda - (1) Core Concepts (2) Python based (3) Scenario based questions
00:03:07 (01) How can concept of ML can be explained to a school going kid ........
00:04:28 (02) What are the types of ML.......... Supervised / Unsupervised / Reinforcement learning (Hit and try / reward & Penalty) / Semi supervised
00:09:04 (03) What is your favourite algo and its explanation
00:09:46 (04) Difference b/w deep learning and M/L
00:11:29 (05) Difference between Classification and Regression
00:12:46 (06) What do u mean by selection bias 
00:13:39 (07) Difference b/w Precision and Recall
00:17:03 (08) Explain True Positive (TP), TN, FP, FN 
00:18:42 (09) What is a confusion matrix..........used for summarizing the performance of a classification algo
00:20:47 (10) Difference b/w inductive and deductive learning
00:22:20 (11) Difference b/w KNN and k-means clustering......... supervized vs Unsupervised; K meaning in KNN is neighbours and in K-meana it is no . of clusters
00:23:53 (12) What is ROC curve and what does it represent. ........Receiver operating characteristics Plot of True Positive rate vs False Positive rate
00:26:53 (13) Difference b/w Type-I and Type-II errors.....Type I is False Positive (FP) and Type II False Negative (FN) 
00:28:13 (14) Is it better to have too many FP or too many FN 
00:30:47 (15) Which is more important to you. Model accuracy or model performance.......model accuracy is part of model performance
00:31:48 (16) Differnce b/w Gini impurity and Entropy in decision tree
00:33:19 (17) Difference b/w Entropy and Information gain .... Information gain getting better as the ndes are getting purer
00:34:40 (18) What is overfitting. how do u ensure you are not overfitting wth a model..... More data .. ensemlbing models ... simpler models .. adding regularizations
00:37:50 (19) Explain ensembling learning tech in ML... Bagging / Boosting
00:41:32 (20) What is Bagging and Boosting in ML
00:44:49 (21) How wud u screen for outliers and how do u handle them
00:47:56 (22) What is collinearity and multi collinearity
00:48:54 (23) What is Eigenvectors and Eigenvalues
00:51:33 (24) What is A/B Testing
00:52:55 (25) What is cluster sampling
00:53:51 (26) Running binary clasification tree is simple. But do u know how the tree decide on whcih variable to split at the root node and its succeeding child nodes
00:56:18 (27) (01) Name a few libraries in python used for data analyss and Scientific computations 
00:58:58 (28) (02)  Which library wud u prefer for plotting in python: Seaborn or Matplotlib or Bokeh
01:00:32 (29) (03)  How are numpy and scipy related to each other
01:01:28 (30) (04)  Main differnce b/w Pandas series and single column dataframe in Python
01:02:35 (31) (05)  How can u handle duplicate values in a dateset for variable in Python
01:03:16 (32) (06)  Write a basic ML progrsm to check the accuracy of the dataset importing any dataset using any classifier
01:07:46 (33) (01)  U r given a datset consisting of variables having more than 30% missing values.  Let's say out of 50 vars, 8 vars have missing values higher than 30%; How will u deal with them
01:09:42 (34) (02)  Write a SQL query that makes recommendations using the pages that ur friends liked. Assume u have two tables: a 2 col table of users and their friends and 2 col table of users and pages they like. It shud not recommend pages u already liked
01:12:00 (35) (03) There is a game where u r asked to roll two fair six sided dice. If the sum of the vals on the dice equls seven, then u win $21. However you must pay $5 to play each time u roll both dice. Do u play the ame. Also, if the player plays it 6 times what is the probability of him making money
01:15:06 (36) (04) We have 2 options for seving ads with newsfeed: (1) Out of every 25 stories 1 will be an ad (2) every story has a 4% chance of being an ad. For each option, wat is the xpected numbers of ads shown in 100 news stores. If we go with optin 2, what is the chance the user wiull be shown a single ad in 100 stories. Wat abt no ads at all
01:18:31 (37) (05)  How wud u predict who will renew their subscription next month? What data would u need to solve this. What analysis would u do? Wud u build predictive models. If so which
01:22:04 (38) (06)   How do u map nicknames to real names
01:23:34 (39) (07)  A jar has 1000 coins of which 999 are fair and 1 is double headed. Pick a coin at random and toss it 10 times. Given that u see 10 heads, wat is the probability that the next toss of that coin s 
01:28:02 (40) (08) Suppose u r given a data set which has missing values spread along 1 SD from the median. What % of data would remain unaffected and why
01:28:53 (41) (09) U r given a cancer detection data set. Let u suppose when u build a classification model u achieved an accuracy of 96%. Why shud not u be happy with ur model performance. What can u do about it
01:31:48 (42) (10) U r working on a time series dataset. Ur manager has asked you to build a high accuract model. U start with the tree algo asince u know it works faily well on all kinds of data. Later u tried  a time series regression model and got higher accuracy than the earlier model. Can this happen. 
01:33:16 (43) (11) Suppose u found that ur model is suffering from low bias and high variance. Which algo u think cud tackle the situation and why
01:36:02 (44) (12) U r given a dataset. The dataset contains many variables, some of which are high correlated and u know abt it. Ur manager has asked u to run PCA. Wud u remove correlated vars first
01:37:21 (45) (13) U r asked to build a multiple regressioon model but ur model R-square isnot as good as u want it to be. For improvement, u remove the intercept term, now ur model r-square becomes 0.8 from 0.3. Is it posssible. how
01:39:10 (46) (14) U r asked to build a random forest model with 1000 trees. During its training u got training error as 0.00. But on testing the validation error was 34.23. What is going on. Have not u trained the model perfectly"	1
I know it's corona times but look at all the resources that are available for free. what a time to be alive love it	2
As a developer on Fiverr, i think all 3 (but especially the last 2) should've gotten paid way more. This takes at least a couple hours to build, even for an experienced developer, and Fiverr takes 20% of all your revenue. That's not even half of minimum wage.	1
Apart from the blindfold, this is the nicest levy has ever been	2
"This is not even on Masterclass

This man let us learn for free
He is the real chad"	1
The best part of this is that it's the offical video, but the vocals were clearly recorded live for this - it's not the recorded version in the album.  It's messy and it's awesome.	2
Bro care health	1
"With the way things are moving, I think I need to see a video on ""How to survive amidst the present recession"". I mean, everything is in shambles. Surprisingly I heard people still make over 100K within a few months, and I'd like to know How and if it is still possible in these times or if I am being lazy."	0
Its gonna look amazing! Cant believe Kass is pregnant!! Love you all so much! Super excited!???? I love Halloween	2
Marques does a fantastic job highlighting the features of the Link. If you're looking for the next level of webcam look no further ?? dope tech, dope video	2
Never knew I was out of shape until I did this ??	0
I love how the scientist explained what 3.7 sigma represents in a coin toss, its much more easy to understand and I think if he didnt I would certainly be confused. Its always great to translate these discoveries into something more people can reach.	2
The music takes me into another world. It's an escape from stress and puts me in paradise.  Thank you for sharing.	2
"We are already in the big crash, Inflation is a
catastrophe. This CPI report is a colossal failure. To bring the housing market to a halt, the FED will have to pull all the stops. The unfortunate issue is that other markets are being decimated.If you want to stay green, you have to rely on a lot of diversification. Currently up 14% and being careful. Still a better deal than leaving it in a savings or checking account yielding 0-1 percent interest."	0
Kid Icarus Uprising is my favourite game of all time. The combat is fun, the weapons are cool, the characters are funny and layered, and the story and world building is fantastic.  It's been half the time there was between the last two games in the series, but I will gladly wait another 10 years to get more Kid Icarus goodness	2
o jogo do rainbow friends nem lan?ou e Loki j est fazendo que massa mano	1
The best western mini series ever.  What a stellar cast!	2
We expect more from our leaders and if if they have no class and character they should be exposed.	0
I love your videos there sooooooooooooooooooo good!	2
Thank you so much for making these! They have helped me so much with my bio class!	2
"If ""Rule of Law"" can be implemented, this country still has some hope. BTW please do take action against those who have slandered  and attacked the chief judge and the jurisdiction institution."	1
"There's a lot more unusual stuff ""under the hood"" of these guys (and their Echidna cousins). Their skeletons for example, have 'epipubic bones' aka ""pouch bones"" which are only found in Marsupials and Monotremes. But more unusual still, they have 3 bones in their pectoral girdle, while ALL other mammals have only two. On a human for example, the pectoral girdle (aka, the bones that link the arms to the rest of the skeleton and make up the shoulder) is made of two bones: the scapula (shoulder blade) and Clavicle (collar bone), with one running to the back and the other linking up at a socket in the sternum. It means that we, like 'all' mammals, can pivot our shoulders around, not just the arms within the socket. Compare this to birds/reptiles and older Tetrapod groups and you'll find that the pectoral girdle is a fused mass just like the pelvic girdle, with two bones at the front that firmly anchor the shoulders in place to the sternum. This third bone is the 'Coracoid' bone, and mammals lost it a long time ago... except in Monotremes. On the plus though, like the rigid flight frame of a bird, it provides a very solid anchor for powerful forelimbs which is why Platypus primarily use their forelimbs to swim (or echidna to dig). Splayed legs, more ribs than other mammals, low body heat,  eggs, venom, etc. honestly make platypus and echidna more like lizards in a furry costume than just a beaver with a duck bill or a pointy-nosed hedgehog."	1
Girl you saving me! Making this so simple and understandable	2
I like the story of this Classic cowboy movie the Act Naturally especially the spanish family	2
Maybe 60 years ago I saw a clip on TV that I don't see here, of a fight between a tiger (I assume male) and a male lion, in a clearing in a forest. They fought for a while and then the lion ran away. Tigers are, on average, bigger and heavier than lions.	1
100k likes and Manny will dress up as Mickey Mouse.	1
Merci beaucoup pour ce moment, moi et mon amis assis  c?t de moi sommes trs satisfaits du divertissement propos dans cette vido! Bonne continuation dans vos compilation, j'apprcie normment !	1
Thanks for consistently providing great videos. Every time I purchase a new device I come to your channel to find out the best products for it.	2
Great content, I feel those who would allow the market dynamism to determine when to trade or not are either new in space in general or probably just na?ve, the sphere have seen far worse times than this, enlightened traders continue to make good use of the dip and pump even acquiring more equities towards trading sessions, I'd say that more emphasis should be put into trading since it is way profitable than holding. Trading went smooth for me as I was able to raise over 10.2 BTC when I started at 3.5 BTC  in just few weeks implementing trades with signals and insights from  Alex Gomez. I would advise yall to trade your asset rather than hold for a future you aren't sure about..	2
AND WE FOR SURE NEED A PART 2!!	2
I love how Adam said was-sup guys I'm lankybox so does it mean hes admin and Justin? 26 seconds in	2
This might be the time to track down all these threats and show some real consequences to the people that issue them or incite others to issue them.  This has to stop.	0
I'm not a religious person but if the Anti Christ actually does exist then I'd rather fight on the side of good I'd rather die a good man rather than die an evil man good always defeats evil.	1
?Saludos! Suena muy bien, pero para sta si tendr que esperar, no estoy suscrito a esa plataforma jaja. Ahora que lo pienso quiz estara padre que nos recomendaras cul es el servicio de streaming ms completo o el que ms vale la pena, porque pagarlos todos si es una lana jajaja. Abrazo.	1
"Do you, quantum physics, take general relativity, to be your lawful wedded physics theory?
|Yes> + |No>"	1
"Donde anuncien un nuevo Mario en 3D para Switch exploto de la emocin!

Y tambin eso dira mucho de Nintendo sobre las intenciones que tienen con Switch, por que un Mario 3D usualmente sale a vender nueva consola , por lo que si lanzan un nuevo juego as,  me hara pensar a mi que no estn pensando en lanzar una nueva consola en el futuro cercano. Muy curioso! 

Pero no importa, por mi esta bien por que adoro el Nintendo Switch,  sobre todo con los juegazos que estn sacando ltimamente."	1
"I LOVE THIS INTERVIEW!!

I've been dreaming of opening a coffee shop in my neighborhood over the last 2 years. We moved to a brand new neighborhood without much comercial options within 4 miles. I keep telling people I know I dream of this and the associate pastor at my church said I should pitch them putting up a pop up stand in the church. I was amazed that they trust me enough to do that but at the same time I'm scared to start even though I have a lot of support at church and friends. 

One of my friends owns a coffee shop already on the other side of town and is willing to get me in front of the right people. But again, my family is relying on my income to live. I know it would be great! I just need to find a person I trust to help run it along side with me so I can maintain my insurance career at the same time since it's not demanding at all."	2
I don't understand why is it called freebie, when it's our right for education, water and basic needs. We pay taxes like anything.	0
Thank you so much. Can you make specific tips for ESL students ?	2
google maps should put warnings on potentially dangerous roads, just like how they do on private roads.	1
"Voltei amigos....
Boa noite primeiramente, sdds de relaxar com os vdeos do lopes, tu  braboooo d++++++"	1
If they were marching for change of government I could have joined. On this one even the so called ministers and or aspiring have joined. They can march trillion times a day no feedback.	1
"I love how they just had fun and kept smiling.

I do wonder how well they would have done if not multitasking"	2
After hearing only 5 seconds of this song, I knew it was a masterpiece. Truly great. Also, Top Gun: Maverick was a perfect fit for this song. Also, the music is spot-on. Literally perfect.	2
Airlines intentionally mislead customers. Its discussing. They got a high amount of money from the government and now they over books all flights.	0
"Masters Union cannot replace institutions like IIM or IIT because of the sheer fact that MU does not have to comply with the guidelines of a college or a university. Indian colleges or Universities don't have any place in the top institutes of the world (and rightly so) but something that an IIT or IIM has to deal with that none of the other institutes in the world deals with is the implementation of the reservation policy.
Because of the implementation of reservation, there is a possibility that a huge chunk of the people who get into IIMs and IITs be lacking in certain core subjects (Dont assume I am a casteist because I am outlining a drawback in reservation policy. I completely support the reservation policy and every caste is now enjoying the benefit of reservation) and so the faculty of these institutions have to compensate for this drawback and this becomes a huge stepback in achieving wonderful things within a span of 200 years but, the reservation policy gives students from poor and rural backgrounds who haven't had access to great education in their schools/colleges an access to great education when it comes to their higher education. But in an institution like Masters Union (going by their fees structure and the absence of any deferral of fees payment or scholarship) the students generally come from priveleged backgrounds, who have had access to great education since kindergarten. While Masters union assures great education, institutions like IITs and IIMs, ensure social equity and great education
(The entire para is based on my knowledge that there are no reservations in MU)"	0
"This community is just amazing
Everyone is kind and this music 
*like a heaven..*"	2
Im a huge marvel fan cant wait to see each project. This was wonderfully done and beautifully narrated! I was hoping other people were feeling this too its bizarre:(	2
The more I watch 5-minutes, the more I feel it's only meant for being watched??	1
Very well explained. It took 4hrs straight to keep solving it with all the algorithm in the video. Those trying to solve from this video keep practising the algorithm step by step and solve it	2
Did Trump say he was going to be the Law and Order president? maybe we misunderstood him he meant the lawsuit president	1
Watching there genuine disappointment when he leaves the chat and then complete shock and excitement when he reappears elsewhere is amazing lol	2
Wow, el comportamiento de ambas partes fue muy diferente, definitivamente fue un excelente experimento social.	2
Yes! I love these death game videos. I hadn't even heard of some of these shows or movies until I found your channel, thanks for introducing them to a wider audience!	2
Im so jealous of all those cool vegetarian options	0
I am beyond proud of Ryden. Im a speedcuber this is so amazing to see	2
Luxury fashion is one of the world's biggest industries. I think this is a great topic for a Bloomberg series. I would be interested is seeing more of this type of content. I am particularly interested in the recent collaboration between Gucci and Balenciaga, especially now that I know they both come under the Kering umbrella. Other recent collaborations include Versace and Fendi, which could be the subject of another video. The more recent video in this series examines the Chinese market, and how fashion brands are now targeting young Asian consumers.	2
Mister Mosh, thank you for all of the easy to follow tutorials that you make for us, please keep keep up the good work, i hope you post more courses (preferably in python)  :)	2
My first real exposure and application of logic gates was in Minecraft with Redstone	2
Wow, this is so cool! Imagine doing this IRL, we would just dodge though--	2
I will definitely be upgrading to a 14 Pro Max from my 13 Pro. Ive had every iPhone from the 3GS and up, and also three iterations of the Apple Watch. Apple Watch Series 8 will also be in the EDC as well!	2
"The number of times I've heard ""we don't know"" and ""partially understood"" gives me hope for science."	2
"Freaked my mother out, but I remember read ""The Iliad"" when I was in Jr. High.  Not a class assignment, just on my own.  Talk about touching on every human emotion, act, etc.  That then led me to read ""The Odyssey"""	1
Also when it comes to She Hulk she said she can control herself when she goes full hulk. So that means she was fully aware that her kicking a group of men would have killed them.	1
"They way foxy comforted freddy brought a tear to my eye. ""It's alright, we can rest now..friends forever."""	2
The guy who invented SATs sounds like the type of kid to remind the teacher about the homework	0
I competed back when stickerless was illegal so I was thrilled when it was legalized. Just to find I enjoy stickered more. I like when the stickers get worn. It shows mileage on a cube which I think is cool	2
As someone on a budget the series s is great game pass makes it really great especially with the deals u can get and just using external hard drives are a better option because transferring games is better than paying half the price of the console for the ssd so yeah if u have more money maybe get the series x but it just depends on ur situation	2
Did you know that this game is Disney Infinity PS4	1
Love our viking brothers that rulled us during Kyivenrus, grets from Ukraine :)	2
YAYY we love a working queen ????	2
I hope omirlol is getting paid hes literally the funniest character you have on your channel	2
I would expect Spot to have this kind on versatility within five years. It can already open doors, turn knows, flip switches. A hurdle is how to limit natural language responsiveness. You REALLY don't want the robot to think you want it to put a bottle of ketchup in the microwave and zap it for five minutes	0
That tip on two-part questions is probably the best SAT tip I've ever gotten. Thanks.	2
"When you're watching this as a ""refresher"" but realize you know nothing"	0
POV: When People Wants the Face But They Dont Have Enough Robux??	0
"??? ??? ???????
?????? ????? ?? ????????"	1
The words that Agn says with 3 syllables just hit different like tactical and coconut ????	1
like always, we can rely on Zach to make brilliant quality videos. Top class cooking ??	2
This song hit diffrent when u thinking bout your crush ??	1
"Biggest tip of your life: do lots and lots and lots of khan academy. To the point where you have done so many questions, that there arent new ones.

Edit: also take practice SATs every week or so"	1
ay que gran ASMR es  el mejor ASMR de mi vida??	2
Mrhedgehog I found Roblox in the grinder at river rouge	1
If they made an entire movie out of this type of quality, I would pay to go see it in theaters.	2
"Ciao sbriser video bellissimo secondo me ive indossa un berretto ??
P.s sei il mio youtuber preferito"	1
"I studied these questions over and over..and I was so confident during the interview....
Starting my dream job this week ??"	2
"""Prospective data scientists should focus on projects that demonstrate the ability to understand business context""
This! This is very important!"	2
He's more detached from the people he represents then any Representative in U'S' history.	0
Should have way more comments! Love	2
"Elaina :333
Thanks You Very Much ???"	2
Owning quality dividend stocks are the best, dividends are higher..	2
This guys humour is a gift to humanity	2
let's just appreciate that the camera man is so brave in his adventures	2
I like how the only thing spicy is what they make themselves ??	2
"Thanks for this brutally honest video. I hope this content doesn't get ""cancelled"""	2
"Learn the rubix cube in 10 min!

*3 hours of going back 10 seconds later*

Edit: Id just like to announce that I have done the impossible and solved the cube. If someone such as myself can then Im more than hopeful whoever reads this is capable of doing the same."	2
What's done in the dark, comes to the light. All I can say is if there are some women using these types of schemes to just get a bag, please do better. Because they're actual victims out here of rape, or molestation.	0
"""It's better late than never"" I have to motivate my life in learning ??thanks a lot ??"	2
Legends know this trick when Rubik's cube was invented..????	1
This was far beyond my expectations. It was so surprising and joyful for me to see all Major Persona Games being ported on Nintendo Switch & also some New footage from SONIC FRONTIERS. I'll Never underestimate a Partner Showcase Direct Again, it was best of them all until now.	2
theres a chance that half of the viewers of this video probably dont even know some of the nextbot's origins	0
I wonder if the Harpy calls weren't only used to identify primates without a response but to actually wear down their awareness overtime by conditioning them to expect calls before seeing the eagle. We might see more of those mix-ups and mindgames if we observed them in areas where primates lived alongside eagles for more than a year.	0
Such a nice nautral look love it	2
Always entertained by what I learn from your channel, Luke! Thanks for reinforcing a well-rounded path to learning! I'm gonna use Ken Jee's 66 Days of Data to shape my tech skills. ?	2
From what I know, these features are also available in Bedrock Edition. It's optimized/you can get all features of Education Edition in desktop/laptop/pc devices. But in mobile, you can get most items but not all like the camera, portfolio are not there.	1
Great platform for auto crypto arbitrage, but I think the speed in which btc is deposited to the  coswift account can be increase.	2
Congrats man on your 2 years! You're a legend!	2
These are great! I'm working on my ANSI / ASCII Roguelike, and I keep getting caught up in tiny details like changing the color of the player and enemies when they're frozen or poisoned, and tweaking the UI :')	2
What a great professor! Thanks for giving us the opportunity to learn from you!	2
I'm not gonna lie - the part where you just documented your experiences with real people fixing the joycon is so refreshing and I loved this part of the video. Please take us shopping or something lol. I know we're like in a pandemic, but if there's an opportunity to do it safely, please take it :)	2
*This is not just a computer scientist, she is an amazing communicator. She mirrors the talking points of the learner, and always positively commends their opinions, all while constantly smiling and making the learner feel at ease. What an amazing person!*	2
Klu saham dan kripto crash atau harganya jatuh,saatnya beli pakai uang dingin kemudian sabar dan tunggu.itu saja	1
I'm over the moon hyped for The Day Before. I hope it delivers in the hype like Elden Ring did. If that's even possible for developers other than FromSoft.	2
3 wins wont guarantee us a top 4 finish but its better than 3 defeats!! Which is where we were last season!!	2
I love these calm, relaxing devlogs! Keep it up! :DD	2
I cannot imagine how pathetic someone has to be to want to roleplay as a failed state's police LMAO	0
i love literature. I've loved it for as long as i can remember. however, i grew up dirt poor and seeing the way  my parents, who both worked day and night, struggled to provide for us and meet ends meet gives me a pretty innate fear of falling into poverty as an adult. i want to provide for my parents and i want to be able to provide abundously for a kid if i had one. i am lucky enough to have received grants for college, and as much as ait hurts, i don't intend to waste it on a major like English. that's kinda just how it is. wish the world was different. not everybody has that luxury.	2
Watching your stream got me to like this tune! Big facts! The energy was mad!!!!	2
Ciao sbriser	1
help us reach 100k before the end of the year?? - My dream is to be a full time YouTuber and yall are making that come true right before my eyes i love you all	2
"I want a ""Crash Course - Physics History"", telling us about how all everything was discovered."	1
I feel like Zach is just someone who really loves eating and decided to share his passion with the world. Also, I love the way he smiles at the camera while eating!	2
The GOP has to stop with the delusions of grandeur	0
All I got out of this is our electric bills will never be free.	0
All her music is just so good like I can relate to most of it and the sounds in her music are so sad yet upbeat and happy. I've never heard music like hers in my life and I really like it!	2
your videos are so cool and your doing an Great gob keep it up well done ??	2
I feel like we're going to hit a point really soon where it will be difficult to tell if we've created a sentient machine, or just a perfect mimicry of what a sentient machine would look like if one existed, without a real 'soul' behind it. At what point does the difference really and truly tick over? Does it matter if they aren't truly sentient if we can make AI that mimic it nearly perfectly?	1
"Rewatching this after a few years and I am now convinced the writers of ""Everything, Everywhere, All At Once"" saw the first 30 seconds of this YouTube video and thought to themselves ""this should be a movie!"""	1
This looks really fresh, definitely gonna check this out in release	2
"""If the lead singer is Bret Michaels then I'm sure it is Poison"". That had me laughing for ages ??"	2
Jane Austen also teaches us not to be to tough on introverts, they turn out to be her most worthy characters.	2
this video is so comforting not only cuz its a sibling video but watching your food videos really help me and my struggle with eating and anyone out there who has the same troubles know youre not alone we can do this??	2
2:35 i dont think ronnie wants to buy the whole restaurant????	0
This is a great video. Great tips like the ALT, shortcuts, etc besides all the clear explanations for each feature. Love the updated thread as well. Keep up the good work. Thanks for filling the 1.5 hours with very useful information delivering with such speed as well is commendable. Fantastic effort! Kudos to you.	2
2 most creative brains from Tollywood ????	2
New subscriber here: my favorite thing about Mr. Beast is how he always errs on the side of generosity. He never uses technicalities to deny anyone a prize. In fact, it's the opposite! He will bend the rules to benefit the recipient. Such a good dude!	2
Thanks for the informative video! I have an iPhone 13 Pro and probably gonna stick with it for maybe 3-4 years ??	2
that that judge said even if we have to bend the law or broke it in the good faith of the white privilege that's what they'll do	1
It's great to see Arsenal win the games they are supposed to win. Excited to see them against top 4 competition	2
"I like indices!!!

1:49 | Gathering Data
2:21 | Preparing Data
4:03 | Model Selection
4:30 | Training
6:46 | Evaluation
7:24 | Parameter Tuning
8:55 | Prediction"	2
im happy that you said that our degrees should be seen as hobbies because not everything has to be something career driven and thats something thats moved me back into my love for english and writing and im so thankful <3	2
In bedrock, sometimes portals are just that hard to find, I remember blowing up a stronghold for like an hour, then finally finding the portal	0
"The version we did as kids where I live was honestly a bit weird. The direct translation would be: ""Three knives to the back, blood runs down, spiders crawling in your hair, snakes 'round your neck, crack an egg on your head and the yolk runs down-"" and then you'd usually say ""boo"" or something. Maybe lightly push the person as you're saying it too. 
So yea, pretty hardcore for a bunch of 6 year olds lol"	0
I like this, this should be a new series, Computer Chess War or something.	2
"Chandler as always enjoying his food 
Mr. Beast : expired cereal ??????"	2
I'm loving my Series S, and this is great to hear. Can't wait to see how far these features  along with the RDNA2 ones, will carry it.	2
Can you make more videos about women, please? (Sylvia Plath, Simone de Beauvoir,  Virginia Wolf, George Eliot, Harper lee, the Bronte sisters, etc)	1
Omg!! Best video Ever!!! Ty iDatchy	2
"all these people commenting ""i'm poor and i got a 1300 by studying a lot"" ???????????? we are talking about that poor people on average are less likely to get a great score, not that it's impossible! There is a difference between inequality in general and a specific success story"	0
"I know I'm two years late to see this, but I hope you read it. 

Thanks for making this. I'm probably going into computer science and I had no idea what my options were. This helps out things into perspective and honestly makes me more confident about pursuing this degree because it seems like I have pretty good options."	2
Every year during the month of June and August they is a reason for people to lose jobs. These unions are getting paid for this disorder.	0
"Hilary Mason is not only a computer scientist, but one of the first famous 'Data Scientists', a very well-known word today, but not so much a decade ago. Her research and knowledge sharing has helped to develop the field into becoming the vast and useful network it is today.

Great video!"	2
R.I.P.  Benjamin Vall (1974-2021)... ?? Today we learned of the death of the Viagra Boys guitarist at the age of 47 ... His playing style was a big part of the band's success.	1
I love how his videos are so calm and nice for the first minute and then he realizes he didnt do it right and it turns into destruction	0
"The more songs I hear from you, the more I like your music! ????????
Great new song!"	2
"It takes an absolute ""monster"" to treat other human beings like that."	0
YES! I was so excited for this video, and it didn't disappoint, probably one of the funniest on your channel, LOL!	2
Love how you show between both series X and S side by side!	2
"""Their bad behavior shouldn't be the cause of your heart-attack.""
Brilliant!"	0
Como uma msica pode viciar tanto? ??	2
This man literally born to create history hats off to Jimmy and the crew.	2
These videos are infinitely more helpful than the talking heads on CNBC - keep up the great work Guy! always look forward to these	2
The  fact that I learn from elemental how to do a troll obby	1
Instant karma. Feel the pain of many ukrainian fathers who have lost their sons and daughters in Ukraine. This is much painful than being assassinated.	0
This child has been practicing his pick up lines for this one moment.	1
The fire suppression without water was incredible. It could save many lives and property especially if it could be auto activated like a heat detector. Imagine how much property and how many sleeping people could be saved, especially if this had a built in alarm and was rigged to keep hallways clear of fire. What an invention....WOW.	2
69 likes for part 2? Leave a comment with funny protest sign recommendations!	1
So nice how her husband is helping her finish the meal and always smiling:)))	2
Hi!! Tee, I enjoyed this video. The seafood boil with the two sauces look so delicious. Your looking beautiful too. ??  Continue blessings to you and your family in Jesus Name. Have a blessed day.	2
My grade 8 science project, back in the late 80's, was on learning styles. My teacher was shocked and surprised when I submitted my project idea. All my subjects were my classmates. Over a span of a couple weeks I tested their comprehension of certain short stories, pictures, and videos; through visual, audio, and reading. When the science fair day came, my booth wasn't the most popular with any of the other kids, but with all the school teachers and parents... they loved it. I remember the results of my project was inconclusive because I tested each student individually with each individual method of learning. No one method of learning is better than another, but combining multiple methods of learning is where results would be seen. But I ran out of time to combine methods of learning before the project was due.	2
Let's go pragg!!!!	2
Valuable content and glad to see someone pointing out a book they read because it's not easy to pick a good book as there's many of them. Thank you for sharing	2
It's time we spend money on where it worths. Build a system that can direct flood water to drought areas (e.g., California, Las Vegas) or at least can store the water.	1
The best way to stop overthinking is understanding that no amount of overthinking will lead to positive results. In fact, all it will do is cause more stress and anxiety for yourself, more likely leading to the problem only getting worse.	0
Question, is there a specific reason why you recommend taking the SAT twice? I heard a lot that getting a 1500 or above is a mark that, for example, colleges don't look too deeply into whether you got a 1500 or 1540 (Not too big of a deal). So if I were to get a 1500 the first time, should I really take it again?	1
"Abi yap? kap??malar?nda heykel yada Azerbaycan bayra?? yaparm?s?n?z do?rusu sizi izlemem ke?fetde g?rdm zaman?m yok  tarih ara?t?rmalar? falan yap?yorum
Ve il 1siyim Azerbaycanda benim i?in ltfen  yap?n rica"	1
I doubt we'll get any new announcements anytime soon and I don't really care about indie games they're all kind of the same to me they just look different most of the time and about PC feel like they should work more on xbox and not PC and I have PC but that's me	0
The relationship Ashley has with her siblings is honestly so funny and cute????	2
Love the videos Gonth! ??	2
"I adore Tatiana, she's easily one of the best actors currently working, between her brilliant performances in ""Orphan Black"" or in 2020's ""Perry Mason,"" but my god this looks pretty terrible. Im so bummed for her, because this is the first mainstream exposure she's gotten as an actor, and this looks like it's shaping up to be a complete train-wreck."	0
"1. Learn math
2. Learn python
3. Learn data preparation
4. Learn ML Libraries
5. Practice and Practice"	1
Very relaxing video it helps me sleep and relax	2
You can't give up now, it's just a season. Whatever you are going through. No matter how hard it is... It will pass. Better days are coming ahead ??	2
This programme inspired me to go to Greece for the first time... I saw Athens, Nauplion, Epidaurus, Mycenae and Delphoi. It was wonderful. Greece, like the other countries that I visited during my Eurotrip, made me appreciate the greatness of Western Civilisation and encouraged me to defend it.	2
Everything releases in 2023; Alan wake 2, Starfield, suicide squad kill the justice league ,stalker 2, Jedi survivor, dead space remake, Spider-Man 2, the day after, black myth wukong, redfall, maybe gta 6, assassins creed next game, and division heartland ,maybe tomb raider, and much more..	1
Liquid nitrogen ?????? ??????????? ???????.......????	1
"Join Sohla El-Waylly as she takes the food you know and love and traces it back to its origins in Ancient Recipes with Sohla:
http://histv.co/ancientrecipes"	1
This channel is a key example of why publicly funded media is still so important in the digital era. The right people given the right resources can do amazing things and grow to provide so much more value to society than what was invested. Keep up the amazing work!	2
We must continue to speak out against unqualified candidates like Dr. Oz, Herschel, Adam Laxalt and several AZ candidates.	1
NOBEL PRIZE should be given to such great personalities who spread knowledge for free.	2
As an international student, your tips are helping me a lot, thank you so much for it ;)	2
Great job here. Man, that is so beautifully lit, filmed and cut. It looks literally perfect! Would you ever consider making some tips how to film like that? Re the Series X, it's such a shame supply sucks. I've been lucky enough to source one, but it's such a wonderful machine that should be in so many more houses!	2
All your Animal are cute ??????	2
If it actually does work you'll get obsidian in a cauldron	1
We are going to eventually discover that he has already traded the contents of those classified documents for his own personal and financial gain. Wait for it.	1
I can't believe how perfectly timed this is with my current physics class	2
Cramer hitting the coke in the morning?	1
This song is so GOOD, I don't know how people just let the best hits just slide smh.	2
when you can't find a game that has everything you want. you make it yourself lol	1
Been up all night.  Been binge watching MrBeast since 5, he is such an incredible guy with a great crew just putting so much positivity out in the world.	2
Help me	1
This is arguably one of psyqui's best beat drops	2
The faces Kristen was making before starting the video had me laughing pretty hard. :)	2
You forgot about dydx!!??	1
Kevin Feige is CLEARLY more powerful than Thanos or even all the Avengers combined. THAT we can all agree on	2
Amazing video thank you! Yes, atomic motion is perpetual. Mass changing its position in space = motion. Perpetual? Well for most of us billions of years is long enough. So, examples of perpetual motions (does not factor in wear and tear of the device); solar panels, water mills, wind mills, geo thermal (Iceland), John Bedini generator which uses a drive battery that looses only a few milliamps while the charging battery gains hundreds of millivolts (I personally recharged hundreds of batteries, with carefully measured results)... The physics here at play is to not be stuck to one view, one device and what it does by itself. Yes that's being confined to thermodynamics. However, look outside the box for energy source (solar panels obtain their energy not from photovoltaic panels, but from the sun). Thermodynamics is true in CLOSED or ISOLATED systems. Nitinol is also overunity (which perpetual motion is a part of) using cold and hot water to activate it cyclically.  The most abundant phase of matter in the universe is plasma (an electrically charged - ionized gas). Well, a lot of energy could be pulled out of these stellar gas, and they will be energized until the end of time by stars. Are we introverted into a small device set in motion, or are we scientifically, logically looking at the big picture? As long as we stay stuck in a boxed-in frame of reference, we don't progress. Every advances made was possible by women and men who dared looking at things holistically, from all points of view. Cheers!	2
Could you imagine if a bunch of aliens dropped 2 super predators on a city just to see how the humans adapt to it?	1
Shrek 5 looks great	2
What I love about computer programming in particular, is that unlike any other subject taught in schools, this one forces students to use the creative and logical parts of their brains for once. What every country needs for success is smart people that can come up with solutions, so I believe computer programming is something that should be taught from early on in order to train young minds. Of course it's not for everyone, I know people who won't understand it no matter how they explain it to them, but then again mindless memorizing is not for everyone either.	2
"""He could break right through that glass, leave it alone!""
""I have a gun""
Most Floridian thing i've ever heard"	0
Excelente track se est convirtiendo en unos de mis favoritos	1
This guy deserved the finals at the least man, his acts increased in complexity in each stage, his presentation was nice, he was polite as well, indulged the judges in all the acts, they were all genuinely suprised. I don't know why he didn't get the chance thou.	2
"John Legend is an Authentic Artist; His music has always ""Tickled"" my Heart. I've listened to his music throughout my journey with cancer. CONGRATS to my daughter in law kingnylaa for being part of this Beautiful Video and song.  God Bless ????????"	2
"I LOVE ANTONIO'S ""PHILOSOPHY"" MOMENTS, LIKE THIS ONE ABOUT THE ""TIME STEMP PEOPLE"", WHO WILL NEVER KNOW WHAT HE HAS SAID!"	2
I enjoy watching your videos to unwind after a long day!.	2
"Me watching at 27 years old:
Ah yes. My next SAT stands no chance"	1
Nice songs......????I am youtuber.????mere channel se apka help ho sakta hai,,???? nice songs	2
I just transitioned to Apple late last year for being an android fan for almost 10 years. I used to mock their features. And as I grow older and matured, I realized that solutions of Apple tends to be more on sustainable and long-term. Their products tend to be like the durables/home appliances that is made to last and not be replaced. I just want to highlight the part on your video where Samsung is mocking Apple for same design practice, and I think, they are doing that now too because there is a benefit from it. No wonder, there are lot of trends apple had made over the the smartphone/PC world. :)	2
Det h?r var det roligaste p? l?nge!! ??????	1
I think its kinda cool that Elizabeth Haigh sent the tweet about nervous breakdowns the same month she opened her restaurant, and now that her question is being answered, she has a michellin star	2
Keep fighting the good fight.  Not sure how hard this thing will run but I can't argue with the overall game plan.	2
I was constantly exhausted no matter how much I ate or slept. It was affecting my job, my workouts at the gym, even my free time. I felt terrible, like I was sick or something. I finally went to the doctor and found out I had an iron deficiency, so my doctor put me on supplements and offered me an infusion and I feel so much better! So it's definitely worth getting bloodwork done and going to the doctor's on top of all these great tips :)	2
This is an awesome video! I haven't found anything else that gives such a good intro to the P?=NP problem	2
Great video as always.  Loved the TV nestled within the gallery wall. Good idea. Also, I love every opportunity to look at your living room.  You did a fabulous job on that room. One of my favorites .	2
THANK YOU FOR 100K SUBS <3 Merch is out right now on https://pxrge.shop	2
"My predictions:

Reading/Writing: 630-680
Math: 750-800
Overall: 1380-1480

Edit (After taking it)????
Reading/Writing: 620-660
Math: 710-740
Overall: 1330-1400

My Results:
Reading/Writing: 650
Math: 720
Overall: 1370


Im just going to keep this score I have been studying for over a year now and its not going to improve"	0
scared twerking	1
Subscribe and you could be flown down for one of these challenges!	1
Loved the host of this clip, he did a great job narrating and has a solid narration voice. 10/10	2
"Me: pennywise if you wanna fight another clown then fight the joker
Pennywise: is it easy?
Me: no joker,s a stronger clown than you!!!!"	1
Good job	2
"Whats one new thing youre learning this month?
Any school and college students here? Where are you from ???"	1
love it but my brother hates it <3	0
I am here to proudly announce that it is 3am and I have finished all of my homework	2
I'm an accounting student, but I had a horrible chemistry teacher in high school and I'm taking this courses solely to have a better understanding of the world around me, and all I wanted to say was that they've been really helpful in making me understand (with a little extra reasearch) all the basics of chemistry! Thank you crashcourse!	2
Hi Richard, I have been watching your videos the past week and successfully got my dream job!!! I just wanted to say a huge thank you, you are amazing ??????????	2
i watched it atleast 8 to 10 times literally , it was fantastic hats off to iman vellani and marvel	2
Man Im glad I clicked on this video. These animal encounters are so beautiful, all in their own unique way. Thank you for sharing	2
Salver igu?o,dar a vontade de assistir sua serie,com novos carros	1
Read more about 2D materials in Charlie Wood's extended profile of Jie Shan and Kin Fai Mak for Quanta Magazine: https://www.quantamagazine.org/physics-duo-finds-magic-in-two-dimensions-20220816/	1
Jak zwykle odc sztos	1
3:20 a dagadt lex lutor	1
*_           NCS._*	1
With college diplomas decreasing in value and severe student debt increasing in presence, this song is becoming truer every year.	1
He will go down as one of the best, most creative artists ESPECIALLY with music videos. ?? #teambreezy	2
?Only for fans over 18 year?? Alles sehr sch?n. Aber zuerst zusammen die Nummern 10 und 1. Eine verwohn.online Brnette und eine andere Blondine. Es w?re unfair, wennx ich 4 w?hlen wrde	1
"I can't believe he made the game for himself..

and all of them are so amazingly designed !!"	2
Hi Gillian, just subscribed to your channel. Being a freelance translator, the freelance writer idea is appealing. Do you have guidelines specific to that path, or will your videos apply generally? Thank you.	2
"Points that were missed: 

- Apple arguably has a specific Monopoly in the US with smartphones because of iMessage not being open with other multi-platform messaging apps. This weirdly only applies in the States. The rest of the world favours things like WhatsApp and Facebook messenger ( both owned by meta, Which is its own issue). That's probably the main defence Apple will bring up. 

- they've been in trouble before but don't forget about Microsoft, Windows 11 has seen them go back to some of their old tricks like a favouring their own software and making it difficult to remove. 

- this kind of got glossed over but although Google play takes the same cut for purchases as Apple, you are free to install other app stores and install apps from wherever you like, so they avoid the heat there. Google play is still the most preferred store on Android phones, so Google likely takes advantage of that fact in promoting its own software."	1
I hope its good!!!!	2
"??
We should improve and educate ourselves to succeed ????"	2
"   xMusic Panda  

DMusic Panda ^m"	1
This guy is literally the greatest talent ever come to any reality show, yet his humility is still intact and makes his so lovable ??	2
"Aww glad to hear Elijah is settling in well at college .????I know you both must miss him ..??
Omg this was hilarious we all know when Tasha and Rhonda get together the competition is on hehe ..Yummy food and fabulous video beautiful girls ..x????"	2
Awesome unboxing(as always) of the cubes that I cant buy lol	2
One asinine move after another from the Trump team concerning the search-and-seizure. I guess Trump didn't get the memo that he no longer has enablers in Congress or at the DOJ to bail him out.	0
You're a very good teacher. Step-by-step, each new point building on all the previous ones. This was a good review and general practice of calculus. Many thanks!	2
I can't imagine the desperation.	0
Finally, a new JoofyLooby video!	2
they have all been in the game for so many years yet they keep making hits...mad respect	2
I will be taking physics in my sophomore year ( next year ) and I really like this video! Now I can somewhat expect the things I would have to interpret next year.	2
I very much enjoyed this documentary and learned much from your most excellent examples and explanations.  I grew us with the Sioux in the Dakotas and was always intrigued by these peoples.  Thank you very much for your well-written documentary.	2
Chip fabrication requires a lot of water ... Arizona ???  OK  good thinking  ... NOT	1
I LOVED THIS!! Every single product you use and your applications are flawless. Definitely watching more of your content.	2
"Zlatan doesn't score impossible goals.
Impossible goals score Zlatan."	1
Meus parabns, para a atriz que dublou a grande Angela Basset nesse trailer, ela entrou na personagem que  perceptvel a dor no discurso. Sensacional.	1
I've seen some of these before. The one in Loch Ness has been said to be a very large fish, probably a catfish or sturgeon. That's what I believe it is, too. The outline of it definitely looks like that sort of fish.	1
I agree that the i cut out looks pretty good (much better than a normal hole punch), but I have to disagree with more screen because the usable screen will be the same as the base models if not slightly less.	2
So impressed Marko has made a video regarding energy use in the EU. It is useful to view the data from just a futures point of view, which is how companies plan on future availability.  Way to keep up the good work Marko! BTW - nuclear energy has been overlooked for the last 30 years and needs to come back. It is sad how German and French embraced nuclear energy then pulled back which leaves them open to the crisis now. America should take heed.	1
I'm new to cryptocurrency and I would really love to know about it. I think this is the perfect opportunity to get positioned, because from the predictions I have been seeing, the bull season is close and I wouldn't want to miss it	2
"This is a top-notch video about the typical English interview!???? I wonder if they read a script or not, but even if they had done it, it's very smoothly delivered and the connective speech between them was not a problem at all.
Interestingly enough, we can bump into the questions they used in my country, Korea. In the last few months, I joined several face-to-face job interviews and they were not much different from one another. Very well done.!"	2
I'm from CA and I find this super surprising. While overall our stats suck, when you look at the exceptions, the smart kids here astound me. At Dimanomd Bar I knew this kid who was talking calc 1 as a Sophmore in high school. I also met this Taiwanese girl who was taking data structures and algorithms at 16 and recently got into UC Berkeley. I think while overall our stays suck, our top scholars here can top other scholars. After all, the UC system has some of the most prestigious Universities according to US News	2
Paused my study session in the middle of the afternoon just to watch this  I cannot wait to see what you have coming up for Fall and the holidays ???? xoxo	2
I think it doesn't matter whether our AI-s are sentient. We should treat them as they were. Treating them as such when they aren't may slow down the development, so what? I think it's far worse to treat them as they aren't when they are. Ultimately you can't tell the difference. You can't tell (or prove rather) if your own mother is sentient, as in in conscious, and yet you treat her as if she was.	0
 claro q os vdeos do Alan Becker s?o os mais assistidos do minecraft	1
What a mood ?????? Tatianas expressions during the conversations	2
The bear chase at 0:45 is unforgivable. A real shame the bear missed.	0
We have Lofi Girl; who never stops studying and now we have Laudry Girl; who never stops washing her clothes ????	2
"After the foul taste the original GoT left in my mouth, I didn't have very high hopes for this. Yet I watched it and it honestly feels like the earlier seasons, maybe not quite there yet, but definitely enough to have me hooked and wanting more of it.

I find it hard to pinpoint Daemon, on the one hand he wants to show strength (the city watch part), but then he's also arrogant (the tournament, claiming victory while the fight wasn't over) and straight up horrible (heir for a day?). But on the other hand, he really cares for Rhaenyra and at the funeral he told her, her father would need him more now than ever before, which shows he also cares for Viserys. I think him calling Viserys weak, was his blunt way of telling Viserys to watch out for those at the council and act like a king, which is in line with what he did with the city watch, he feels like the king should show his strength.

Viserys seems like he's held things together for those 9 years, but this clearly is coming to an end, I feel like he's made a huge mistake by alienating Daemon, this won't make things easy for Rhaenyra, who already has to fight the fact that some people don't want a woman on the throne. In the end I think it will be between those two and Viserys will be long gone from the picture."	0
You can tell it's their first romance drama ??	1
I don't have enough time to explain the new found respect that I have for this young man! Much respect!???????????	2
"Timestamps!????
Drink: 8:11 9:48 13:20 14:25 14:49
Cheese sticks: 8:25 8:36 8:47 9:03 9:13 9:33 9:41 10:31 10:49
Noodles: 10:11 11:00 13:54 14:15
Tteokbokki: 11:20 11:29 11:31 11:41 11:47 12:31 13:05 14:11
Fried tteoks: 12:04 12:20 12:25
Hot dog: 12:44 12:58 13:13"	2
Everytime we see him eating delicious food our mouth just starts watering ??	2
Watching this as a senior is too late lol ?????? please dont procrastinate like I did :(( study a lot!!!!!	0
"One of the best explanations of the highs and lows of the power of Egypt, the incredible architecture and art, the power plays and the growth of the Egyptian Empire. Very well done and very well presented. History comes alive with enthusiastic experts talking us through the centuries. VERY talented and professional presenter, famous historians and keeps you interested and even excited. It was long but, I learned a lot. 
      I wanted to be an Egyptologist as a child if I had seen THIS then I would have become one. Fascinating."	2
This Indian dude is reviving this series for me. Hes hilarious	2
@Tshepiso thanks so much for sharing, I am also a qualified Life coach but I am not practicing. I am a software engineer and that takes away a lot from my training because all I do is communicate with machines all day. I want to explore the Life coaching more, what is your advice?	1
Really simple explanation, went through the first part in a breeze. Thanks. Looking forward to learning the subsequent parts.	2
I love lofi beats. Just helps me get through the day and stay productive with my own music! Thanks for this man	2
I can't thank myself enough   ?? Despite the economic recession,I'm so happy??. I have been earning $ 60,000 returns from my $10,000 investment on short term.	2
Calm voice, brilliant, and so genuine. Sandar is one of my favorites Tech CEOs. Loved this interview!! Well done Marques.	2
Jimmy never disapoint us in making great videos!??	2
To the person who's reading this. I hope you'll get better, and everything will be okay. Sleepwell ??	2
"The big concern for sure is how effective the algorithm is in determining the 'helpful content'. 

There will be no doubt many sites caught in the crossfire. It's important to remember too that this is aimed across all of Google - not just for product review sites or niche sites. I feel that sites that focus on one topic/area of expertise should do well so long as the content is on point - but the guidelines although detailed in places, are still pretty vague. 

The data collection exercise should shine some light hopefully."	1
Love X-Men! Hopefully they stay around a long long time! This game will now be called X-Men The Card Game as far as Im concerned. (And if its not too late Id love to see Quentin Quire aka Kid Omega!)	2
"""you're probably pushing 80""????"	1
That smile after he takes the first bite is everything I need and more ????	2
Honestly, I have no more guesses on the next video, this man can do literally anything	2
"?? | Pre-order the vinyl now (limited)
 https://bit.ly/soothingbreeze-vinyl"	1
I love his voice	2
Such a genuine person.More blessings to come Mr.Beast. Xoxo from Philippines!!	2
Great advice, all of it! I'm one of those you mentioned near then end, with a medical condition. Sleep isn't rejuvenating for some, no matter how much we get. Working towards good sleep habits is still helpful, as it regulates our lives and helps us pace what minimal energy we have, so if you're reading this comment, no matter if you're chronically ill like I am, or just a tired person without a debilitating illness, practice good sleep habits. Be patient - it'll help.	2
The Market has been pretty bad until today it decided to surge. Everybody was Practically Crying then. It kept dipping. That's what you get when you feel you can navigate the process on your own. Big thank to Hilder Ferguson. I'm not bothered with how bad the Market is because my assests are insured due to her advice and I still receive my profits	0
Life is rough, and I enjoy that the comments on video's like this one are always so positive and comforting. You guys really help restore my faith in humanity. Thank you	2
If you do I will draw money and start using cash & netbanking there after. I consider that step would be a pure business. They made us get used to UPI and charge.	1
I was really hoping for my favorite app, potato skins. But maybe a whole potato based episode would be good. Potato skins, poutine, mashed potatoes, etc...	2
"Ting man: why is she so fast?
Also Tingman: take three five second brakes to say look at all this jelly."	1
Love so much that you're a jojo fan. What a relaxing video, I love the tapping sounds!	2
Thanks for made my mood better.????	2
Remember the woman who was caught and the people brought her to Jesus ?????????? Jesus ask them which of them is there without sin let them cast the first stone ???????????????? when Jesus ask the woman for her accusers there's none Jesus ???? tell the woman go and sin no more ????????????????????????????	1
The fact that no ones talking abt Luna saying want a quickie? Oh I shouldnt say that!	0
I didn't even exist but I want to go back in time so bad and live my teenage years like this ??	0
For the platform game, I think the second go was almost perfect. If he found a way to obscure his hands and ask a loaded question, then it wouldve been foolproof. Like if he kept a coin and hid it somewhere on his person, then asked everyone which hand held the coin. Thats not a perfect solution, but thats the kind of question Im thinking of. One where if you choose an obvious answer you know theyre lying, and the only one telling the truth would give you a third answer	1
Platypus is what you get when you let people create a custom character	1
I got the controller alone for use on my pc and I'm shocked that it works so natively well, of course none game that I know of uses the trigger gimmick... but the sound/vibration feedback works like a charm! sure it does require some set up but it works!	2
I love your videos and even when your doing fluff vids like ape nft footage , like less than 1% of earth  ,it still feels like you really care !!! Plus you always tell us to take profits !! You awesome	2
Honestly the homebutton isnt that bad considering every iPad other than the Pro still uses TouchID, so the button on the front could be more practical than the power button on the top like Air and the Mini have.	2
I've been in the mood for chicken piccata for a while so this has just solidified my grocery run for this evening.	2
I need him as my teacher, he looks like he's enjoying this and not doing it just for money	2
"This video was terrifying for me to post.
But thank you guys so much for the support.
GoFundMe: https://gofund.me/9362a543 
BTC: 3Ak5KXesZYFPBND9KjpgBXwa5y3L1u6KVv
ETH: 0x768f82964DA91fdD857285A8eC86d6cBB5ae9401
Or atozy.eth"	2
The funniest thing with Westbrooks travel will always be Curry asking him what are you doing? and Russ looking at him with complete sincerity and saying I dont know. Man was in his own head or stuck in practice mode or something.	1
Haven't seen Elon this relaxed in an interview for quite a while. Good job guys!	2
Lies of p  o nico que estou ansioso desses	1
Love this song so much!! Do drop by for a piano version too. Hugssssss	2
When you read a novel, how much do you focus on the text vs the background of the author? For instance, one of my favorite books is The Master and Margarita by Mikhail Bulgakov. If you read it by itself, it is such an interesting novel, however, learning the history of its writing in the background of Stalin's Russia makes it even more interesting. How much time should we dedicate to looking beyond the four corners, if at all?	2
Nice	2
Wow... this man surely doesn't mince his words. Every argument of his us spot on. Super impressive ?? ?? ?? ?? ??	2
He attempted to take British somaliland which went pretty well. He then attempted to take Egypt which went less well. Then he attempted to take Greece which went really badly. Churchill began to describe Italy as Europes soft underbelly.	0
Dude that's awesome! It's a lot of money, don't knock yourself down over it. It's nice seeing a small indie dev become successful.	2
You can feel the emotions on his voice... I can't stop laughing ?????? this guy has freaking talent bollywood talent ??	2
Everytime tzuyang-nim post a video I need to have food with me so I won't feel hungry while watching her eats. And this time I eat samyang and I eat it so fast that I dont even realize I stop eating before her ?? Thank you tzuyang-nim and for everyone on behind the scenes too who works hard to keep on making all this video. I really? love it <3	2
I love her make up it stands out	2
Frher konnten Politiker besser lgen!	1
I'm most impressed by your animations honestly, very nice	2
Mark Bagley? The return of the king! Plus, can never go wrong on Dan Slott with Spider-Man.	2
Erik, you're a certified nut, but I absolutely love it. The surprise at the end absolutely warmed my heart! You are such an incredible person, keep spreading the love ??	2
I learnt about this in my physics book on perpetual motion  a long time back . Very fascinating to watch .	2
"Soo... let me get this straight. A person that refuses to reveal their identity (-1 point) tells a very fishy story (-1 point) without any proof (-1 point) for a joke that wasn't even sexual harassment (-1 point). Then, she revealed her(?) tragic story to Kotaku (-1 point).


Yeah, no lmao. I can't even take this seriously."	0
Danny DeVito, a walking testament that heart and cutting edge creativity will always prevail over looks and physical stature.	2
Such a great video!!! Well done!!	2
"Hey hey, just a heads up, I DID turn the LED Hoodie on, it's just not very bright hen you're looking face-on at it! (you can still sort of see it on around the hood area though)! ??
If you had fun on this video, here's my collection of ""Extreme Unboxing"" videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmY2kgWYwyQ&list=PLflqtq8EOGAL_OmnMixISKvdDwvWvoQGs&index=2"	2
POV its Ramadan and youre hungry	1
Watching Stelter commentate about how this show was the standard of journalism despite being cancelled due to losing all of it's credibility to the point where no one was even watching anymore is exactly the way reliable sources SHOULD end, haha. It's truly poetic.	1
<Crypto is off helping to regulate<, rather than pretend it won't ever happen.  The big institutions getting in is the catalyst that will launch us into  the stratosphere.  Most people don't like change but after the change is made they grow used to it and it becomes a non issue usually because their fears never materialize. And benefits they were unaware with before turn out to be far more beneficial.  Few if any rug pulls.  The projects that initiated the process of regulation have not been ruined, they got involved in setting guidelines and helping the regulators understand the crypto space. Id get involved more knowing that I have made over 16` btc from day-trade with Axel William Crypto in few weeks.	1
"Hermosa eleccin 18KISSX.UNO  
de los mejores conciertos ? 
22:22 Senada: ''Hermoso''
22:22 Megan: ''Hotter'' 
22:22 Hopi: ''Sweeter''
22:22 Yoongi: ''Butter'' 
22:22 Amor: ''Momentos'' 
22:22 Alfiora: ''Preety''
18:00 Yoongy:
22:22 Alana: ''Awesome'' 
22:22 Joonie: ''y6va''
22:22 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente zifn ?? 15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ??"	1
Spasky was arguably even more impressive by being a grandmaster of kindness.	2
LET'S GO IT'S SATELLITE TIME BABY ??????	2
I feel like crypto is overpowered but takes time to master because of the amount of vulnerability he has	0
Gad damn kid gon become an origami artist he folded that story like 500 times	0
This song on full volume will result in either a speeding ticket or a pregnancy.  Or both.	0
"you should make an button in controls setings ""go crazy"" That randomizes your controls. Dont forget the ""reset controls"" Too."	1
The predator shit is so funny. Make a full video of that	0
"I love octopuses

No but seriously, I remember him back in like 2015-17 when the end of the year would always mean getting my subscription feed flooded with cube collection videos. Nowadays it seems like youre the only one who still does it. I enjoyed every minute of this long video, and I also salute how much effort it wouldve taken to solve all those puzzles."	2
I hope if they're going to use this server for voting issues, the server can handle the traffic. Else it will be a very laggy experience for all of us.	0
"So refreshing to see a beautiful makeup look using primarily MAC products and the production of the video wasnt over done. Gave old school YouTube tutorial vibes. Enjoyed this so much
You have a beautiful tone and are stunning! Love the manicure as well"	2
Somehow I am more comfortable with Indian professors than that with others. Great contain delivered by highly experienced professors.	2
"""'Dostoevsky's dead,' said the citizeness, but somehow not very confidently.
'I protest!' Behemoth exclaimed hotly. 'Dostoevsky is immortal!"" - The Master and Margarita"	1
Mark, you found the right guy to bring you around. KF Seetoh is a legend in Singapore!	2
I was born into a relatively poor family.  Never had the opportunity to go to college.  I became obsessed with the self learning technique right out of high school.  I happened to live in a town that had one of the top 10 business schools in the US.  I would go to the University library and pour over the text books in the order they were taught.  within 18 months I had the knowledge of an MBA.  By the time I was 20 I started my own company and was a millionaire before I turned 40.  It took so long because when a guy with no formal education walks into a bank for a loan they tend to want to laugh at you.  I finally found a banker that would talk to me.  I explained my business model and told him how the current inverted yield curve would effect the time value of the money I would borrow he was floored.	2
Love this! First time listening! #itsamarylandthing	2
Sarap di pa ako nkakatikim nito yummy kakagutom hehe eatwel po mga idol godbless keepsafe your family po????????	2
"0:40 ""Grandmaster vs computer"", ""Super Blue"", ""First Player to lose a computer""

Well, that's just movie version of happened in 1997 where Grandmaster Gary Kasparov lost to Deep Blue."	0
Absolutely genius bruh	2
"I've been on a Dru Hill binge.  ""5 Steps, Never Make A Promise"", ""These Are The Times"", "" In My Bed""!  Dru Hill needs to be more recognized."	1
Not everyone makes Walkz like this man??...cold still	1
Hey Matty, thanks for the right on time uploading ??????! Really needed this sleep ??	2
ER could literally make a video about paint drying and I would enthusiastically watch it at this point	2
I never understood Nickleback hate.  I love the dirty growl of their guitars and his rough voice.	2
more than anything else, i'm excited for robots to help the planet: grow food more efficiently (and with fewer toxins), help sort waste streams for a more sustainable system, clean polluted areas, plant trees, etc.	2
Cant tell if this chick is 25 or 35	0
No one teaches like Mosh Hamedani does. What a legend ??	2
She has plenty of time to get her concession speech ready because she can see the train coming.	1
Lmaoooo honestly couldnt even prank this man hes just as funny and ready for whatever??	2
"Wow, I was wanting this type of video only, in which I could revise all the basics of Machine Learning! 
Thank you so much for uploading this"	2
"""i'm allergic to penicillin and azithromycin""  -  round of applause for the parents"	0
Great now if only Google started actually  selling this stuff globally	2
"If one guy posting memes in a group chat is the best example they can find of these ""years of sexual harassment at NoA"", I think it's safe to say they don't have a harassment problem."	1
I love how you hit the Mormons with how to be a true Mormon and that weed is the way to heaven	2
Now these gadgets would get rid a lot of my bruises	1
Im playing this shit 1000 times already this boy is str8 smoke . ??	0
There is a perfect storm brewing in America. Inflation, sever drought in the farm belt, the pandemic, food shortages, diesel fuel and heating fuel shortages, baby formula shortage, shortage of and price of available cars, the price of housing. It's all coming together and could lead to real disaster toward the end of this year.(or sooner).	0
"Pragg; I was lucky today to win the 4th game.
Magnus: I did not have good sleep yesterday. 
Lol"	2
I love how he said his controller cost 10k but you can get it at games stop for 19 bucks ??????	2
Pra quem quiser jogar Forza Horizon 1 ou 2 no PC, assiste esse vdeo de outro canal,  bem fcil: https://youtu.be/JARZqoczpew	1
Fun Fact;17 more goals to go and Harry Kane will become Tottenham's all time record goal scorer. Jimmy Greaves (1st with 266 goals, Kane 2nd with 250 goals)	2
Dave is such a comedic genius!	2
Recovery in housing market? Aren't mortgage lenders sinking?	1
A few weeks ago I driving my car and decided to listen to a classical cd I had in my car in the player. It was Beethoven's 9th. I listened for a few minutes and decided to go to the radio instead. So I pressed the radio button but it didn't seem to work because it was still Beethoven's 9th. After several minutes of punching that button, I discovered that it had worked perfectly! The radio and the cd were both playing Beethovens' 9th! But the part that stunned me most was that they were at the very same place in the piece! I could shift back and forth and not miss a thing! Freaky!	2
Levy, on TCEC (Top Chess Engine Championship) there were some engine games with Stockfish, Leela, Komodo, etc. where they played double Fischer random chess (DFRC). Essentially the pieces are randomized for both sides. The games were extremely fascinating, and often mind boggling. You should check them out (they are in the archive for S22 on DFRC I think)	2
I FW young Chris he got a good energy about it...he's a dope performer too!!! lowkey has the potential to be what Tay k could've been if he never got locked ??	2
It's really interesting that you said that placenta's texture is very mushroom-like because there's a really good manga that featured evil babies that grew out their placentas into fake mushrooms so they could mind control the hospital staff by feeding them the placentashrooms. Makes you wonder if Junji Ito ate placenta before.	2
There isnt a mayor in America with this much power you cant become acting mayor because youre someones mother, you cant be the chief of police because youre mayor you cant arrest people and hold them in custody for no reason the lack of cohesion I cant. My head hurts.	0
Man adventure time. Such a beautiful incomparable creation,truly blessed	2
"I had to explain to ponies that Netflix isnt like Game Pass. When Netflix has a new show you can only watch it on Netflix. When Starfield is on Game Pass its not JUST on Game Pass - you can buy it digital or physical. You can play it on console, PC or streaming. They think they are comparable and when Netflix loses subscribers they try and say ""same thing will happen with game pass because they are the same""."	1
This woman was born to be a vet. You can just tell. She's the 1% of Kindergarten girls who's living the dream! ??????????	2
Em toda minha vida nunca vi uma leva de jornalistas t?o incompetentes e despreparados como a que temos atualmente!	0
On the beta ios 16 there is a battery indicator feature in battery settings it is automatically set so default to only show in low power mode instead of the bar decreasing it will always show you your battery ??	2
I will forever appreciate this channel, you've helped me and my family a lot, your videos, advice, lessons and funny words are Inspirational and helpful to us. My husband and I have been able to minimal, conscious in spending, saving and investing wisely, I now earn every week. You're such a blessing to this generation, we all love you	2
Tem como n?o , q flow takeOff slk ?????? o cara brinca dms	1
I think we should share this videos with our teachers who teaches in their own experienced way(without any practical examples)........ Spread this videos students to all teachers	1
I can proudly say that I've gone through the whole video. I started in april 20th and with larger breaks due to final exams in school, I finished today on the 15th of may. I have learned so much important stuff! I will go to university for a bachelors degree in biology yet I haven't had chemistry and physics in over 3 years. Going through this content and studying it carefully is probably the only reason I feel comfortable to continue my journey to become a neuroscientist. Thanks :)	2
"This year looking forward to: Moonscars, Scorn, High On Life, Darktide, Solar Ash.

Next year and beyond: Lies of P, Silksong, Redfall, The Last Case Of Benidict Fox, Starfield, Stalker 2, Avowed, Atomic Heart 2, The Outer Worlds 2, Hellblade 2, next ES, Fallout 5 and more.

So incredibly happy with my PC gamepass subscription, so much entertainment and savings?????????? Microsoft rocks!!!!"	2
One important aspect I'm surprised was left out is that many of these companies (like Amazon) literally power the internet. Almost 30% of the websites on the internet are stored on Amazon servers, giving them even more access to data trends and physical control over the internet.	2
this brings back so many memories, i remember i used to play on this world since I was 8 years old. And now i am 19 in college	2
So happy yall are reacting to HOTD! I found you two through the Arcane reactions, and Im so excited to watch you watch yet another (hopefully) amazing series ????	2
I saw someone double wrap the spring rolls and cook em in the pan a lil for some crunch ??	1
Prayers that everyone in their family get to dry ground and stay safe. But also this is a blessing so many of these areas really needed this water	2
Yooooooo what???!!! Always felt such a hole in the chess world with Magnus not participating much in the big chesscom events just because of his other tie ups. This is amazing!	2
"have my interview tomorrow... hoping all this information doesn't escape my brain when the interview starts lmao..
Update: Got it ??"	2
"?? New video on Billnose: https://youtu.be/koFJyH68to0
?? Subscribe to New Channel: https://bit.ly/2NFY2lT
????THANKS FOR WATCHING!????"	2
Thanks ??	2
His life is so wholesome and laddish at the same time, from being a drunk gambling layabout pestering gypsy women then getting bored and becoming an officer to penning literary masterpieces about inner kindness and understanding then just walking out on your family and dying of pneumonia. Absolute madman	0
Onix better be in Scarlet/Violetthe dream of having a Crystal Onix must come true.	2
Investing is so important in Life! SO IMPORTANT! I can't explain enough the importance of starting early and keeping the course. Love the video and I hope you make more video's on investing in the future!	2
I once found a cold dragonfly who couldn't move. I put it into diret sunlight and it warmed and flew away. I'm glad to have been of help.	2
?????? ??????? ?????????? ?????????? ????	1
Tf is this cover, they did quavo dirty	0
You need to collaborate with Benoftheweek?? yalls energy put together is all I need	2
*Glad to see Gongsam is trying something knew!! And as always: Fire noodles.????*	2
iTS SO AESTHETIC, definitely my favourite aspect is the versatility one has when playing, if one didnt want to dungeon crawl they could create amazing buildings etc and vice versa	2
OMG THIS IS A PURE MASTERPIECE. Biology is the part that got me shivers the most, even though it's the only among the four that I'm not studying right now.	0
True story and sad about Val Kilmer having throat cancer and pretty much unable to act again, and Tom Cruise fought to have Val Kilmer to be in the film. Writing in his condition and his appearance in the film was absolutely beautiful.	2
"Can't help but quote Douglas Adams: ""There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.

There is another theory which states that this has already happened."	0
"OLED Gaming
Wow, please compare to the C2 you had as a monitor? side by side to see that contrast difference, uniform brightness difference etc for those comparing the C2 42 and this. Love your content"	2
Hello mam, I'm a first-year engineering student and since class 11th I had an interest in ML/AI. I already know python and math topics like Linear algebra, vectors, matrices since they are already in my engineering as well JEE course. So can you please suggest some more skills that I need to learn?	1
You know you like craftee's videos when you like the video before it starts playing ????	2
I love this song my neighbor's are dancing at it lol ????	2
This is hilarious, I'm so happy to see this, it brightened my day :D	2
I think socially awkward young men who dont have friends and have no real skills or education tend to be drawn into cults like this because it gives them a chance to belong to something. This guy is a shining example of that.	0
Ellen is a legend, she didn't even care. Basically a sacrifice to keep JJ on here!	1
I think game pass will have 35 million subscribers at the end of next year. All the game releases and activision/blizzard games in game pass will surely add alot to it!	2
I appreciate you explaining the logistics of game development. It simply is something done out of passion.	2
I see a lot of people worried about the sat in the comments and, first of all congrats on your score jasmin that is an incredible achievement, however I just want others to know that the sat and college admission isn't all in life so don't stress much about please, I know someone that got a 1040 and he went to UC Santa Barbara, it's more important to worry about your being and your mental health, the sat made me lose one of my best friends after he went insane trying to get a perfect score. Sometimes being smart just doesn't come naturally, but its not all that there is to life. If you read all the way thank you!! And remember self-care is key!!!	1
Simple as this: These documents do not belong to him and never did. Demanding they be returned when they shouldnt have been in his home in the first place is ludicrous.	0
Brighton is the team people are actually sleeping on...they're in a good standing at the moment but nobody is paying attention	0
Love how everyone becomes lawyers.	2
"Hi all, thanks for watching! Hope this course has given you a solid foundation in the world of Computer Vision :)
Be sure to check out my channel and connect with me on social media (@jasmcaus) for more great content!
Twitter: https://twitter.com/jasmcaus
YouTube https://www.youtube.com/jasmcaus?sub_confirmation=1"	2
"Thanks a lot sir.
This video helped a lot to understand the balancing concepts. ???????"	2
After watching this video, I got motivated that I need to spend a lot of time especially studying in English. This inspirational messages is have a big impact to me to motivate and to explore and learn English by watching youtube english lesson,  because honestly speaking I want to speak fluently in English. And thank for this motivational messages ??	2
This song hit different when you actually having a good day	2
Excellent job to the Grant county sheriff's office and to the people attending the concert who kept an eye out and reported it.	2
What an amazing hit!	2
"When faced with a problem:
Mathematician: I cannot prove, I'm stuck!
Physicist: I solved it, but it only applies to spherical chickens in vacuum
Engineer: Let me show you how is done"	1
Amazing comeback! I really tought that taking the rook still will give him a win but in the end  that didnt help and wow really nice to see that you didnt collapse to time pressure, that's for sure inspiring Great Gaming from both :D	2
Right ? it's so annoying ?? I always need someone beside me to calm me down	0
As a Physics student, I have to say that this is an amazing introduction to the standard model. This video deserves to be played at schools as part of their curriculum! It explains all of the important aspects in a simple way that upcoming students can easily understand. Thank you for your contributions to science communication.	2
Ronan accepting the challenge to the dance battle was his nexus event.	1
"you know when someone is worth little if people talk about what he researches, not what he accomplished or what his research accomplished

everyone is constantly researching life, just by living it
but we dont give a shit, unless you manage something useful. 
and so is with this guy. just very unremarkable."	0
Presentations in the technical field such as this rarely have this much quality knowledge packed into them but it's even rarer that they are this aesthetically pleasing!	2
listening to this on loop for hours now- I LOVE IT ??	2
interesting design choice. But I honestly think the full black visor style of the 6 series looks more sleek and premium	2
"Best Klapper line: ""Are there any lessons we can take from Mork & Mindy?"".  Brilliant."	2
I'm loving these 30 minute long gta trolling vids	2
Such a treat to our ears. Hope this country learns to respect intellect and not goons shouting at the top of their voice.	1
We are justifiably utterly sick and tired of the scammers, spammers, bots and every other type of grossly undesirable piles of festering human waste thats an epidemic on the dating sites as well as other social media sites!	0
Programmer : Is there an algorithm to solve this more efficiently?	1
Chandler is so entertaining, his jokes and dances crack me up every time.	2
"No sound 
Audio issue..."	0
I actually took my money off major exchanges because by the time assets hit them..  There's hardly any profit to be made.. SOLANA and AVAX..  DEXES ARE THE NEW PLAY ??????????	1
"Liquid nitrogen never ends??
M4tech poli????"	2
The counter-balance to deal with aerodynamic flutter is some really incredible biomechanics. I've seen videos of flutter being tested on airplanes and it's no joke, that can quickly ruin your day.	0
I do hope that some people in the US with some common sense know how dangerous the situation is theyre in!!	0
SUBSCRIBE TO ENTER THE $500 VISA GIFTCARD GIVEAWAY!!!	1
Im 68 years old and was challenged by my son to solve the cube. He tried to show me for weeks but I couldnt do it. Tried other demos and nothing. I watched your video and it all clicked. Solved it in two days , now I can do it without watching. Thank you for being a great instructor!! Im working on a faster time now. I can do it in about 6 minutes.	2
"I thoroughly enjoyed Kyla Pratt in this movie!  She's natural in a comedic role. People need to recognize she's a grown woman, with kids, and learn to separate her from Disney so she can portray more adult-content roles. . . I felt she tastefully did so in the scene, where she was  referencing, ""Eating her cake.""
Kyla, go 'head, do your thang!
CELESTE, in the ATL ??"	2
I love how excited he is to cook straight up rice. True love for cooking	2
We can't wait to get the box and hero packs so we can play the campaign on the channel. X-men my favorite comic franchise, glad to see them come to Champions.	2
I listened to this before and now Im listening to this years later.	1
Didnt need the cdc to make that announcement we knew they didnt do their job	0
Thanks for this, I'm studying right now and its perfect.	2
Thank you so much for this video. You have explained clearly in 23 minutes what my lecturers have failed 2 years straight, well some anyway but yeah, thank you so much.	2
"0:21 HomePod 2
1:50 AirPods Pro 2
3:00 Apple Watch Pro
4:48 Apple Watch Series 8
5:44 Apple Watch SE 2
6:14 iPhone 14 Lineup
7:31 iPhone 14 Pro Lineup
8:52 iOS 16 & watchOS 9 Official Release"	1
6 months....and at times we had to be reminded a war was going on	0
Thank you so much for the informative lectures, better than many college level courses. But how can we get an access to the notebooks?	2
"What parts of the Standard American History Myth did you believe?
John Adams and Thomas Jefferson were founding fathers, but they didn't attend the Constitutional Convention. My bad."	0
Wow they really don't want to pay artist at all anymore we will make an AI slave is what they did WTF.	0
"Me: learns en passant
Also me: I think I'm ready to defeat Magnus Carlsen"	1
It was around the summer of 1974 when a friend and I went to the Fresno Zoo. As we approached the hippo area we could see one in the water. We watched it for a little while then started to walk away when suddenly this little baby hippo head broke the surface of the water. Needless to say, we were captivated by this tiny baby hippo that was frolicking in the water around its mother. We could hardly tear our eyes away from the delightful sight. Later that night  the local news show had a report about the new baby hippo that had just been born at the Zoo that day. That baby hippo was one of the most adorable baby animals I've ever seen!	2
Sick of CNBC only promoting these gurus that seem to have no financial background or successful track record other than selling to other poor people how to be rich. Fake it til you make it.	0
"The daily BTC trading volume is already way higher than the total cap release amount of btc by GOX.  Also, not all coins will be release simultanious and there still is no hard date when it will happen. Plus, not every creditor will sell it instantaneously and everything most obviously.  ?

in short and in my humble opinion; The price effect will be a drop in the ocean and nothing to worry about for BTC holders, especially in the long run when more and more people learn that leaving your coins out of exchanges eventually lead to continuation of upward price movement (if S&D stay equal and macro eff into acount )"	1
And now thermals are also improved  then previous IdeaPad gaming and this design is best I like it??	2
Outstanding video. Maybe one of the best Ive ever seen on YouTube. Editing was fantastic, thrilling for the audience, doesnt get much better than that. My man you and your team have killed it.	2
*the picture makes me feel so safe and comforted and at peace ... then again, that basically sums up the lofi community lol thanks for another great mix! love u guys ?*	2
It just kept getting funnier. Didnt even realize it was an hour long until 45 mins in. Absolutely hilarious, you never fail to make my days	2
"I definitely never thought of the ""blank books"" or content-free self published planners/journals/etc as a way to make passive income, and you've got me curious about how exactly people really use pinterest to get traffic to their websites too. Thank you for those ideas in particular!"	2
"Imagine the Terminator but programmed by a White Supremacist. Then realize Elon Musk completely ignores racism at Tesla and has turned into an authoritarian facist, and he's creating sentient androids. Oh, and he's a South African Emerald farmer. 

The Republicans will just claim that the robots 'went crazy'...."	0
Great vid, points are spot on, only 4 or 5 years ago, feels like I bought every major release at midnight, and after Cyberpunk, Fallout, No Mans Sky, Im never buying a day one game again.  My gaming and spending habits have completely changed.  The gaming biz cant devolve and expect players to keep up the old pace.	1
I never thought wednsday would become one of my favorite days. Thanks Silke ????	2
I love how none of these youtubers are talking about FTX getting a cease and desist letter for not having FDIC insurance and leading customers to believe they did. This is huge crypto news...	2
As a writer, she's my inspiration, and I'm not a professional writer, but I do love writing!!	2
These announcements are bigger than the Infinity Saga as a whole. Secret Wars is the singular BIGGEST event in comics. And with this Kang storyline being set up, these next two phases will easily be the best yet. I am incredibly excited to behold what the Multiverse Saga will bring.	2
I love how when like shes in scarecrow village, she literally had scarecrows in her background	2
What's the BIG idea? ????????= ??	1
I was pissing myself laughing the whole time ????	2
"I love the fact that they were chasing dream, but as soon as they entered the deep dark with the warden, they had a new goal entirely 

Survive."	2
That was one of the best interviews I've ever seen. Two fantastic people having a real conversation.	2
String theory could not be more simplified than this 02:10 Not all genius minds can teach well. His students are lucky.	2
It almost sounds like a blend of Indian, Japanese, and Brazilian culture, which really brings out the idea of diverse unity and expressionism that chaos is all about. I love it!	2
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
?? ?????? ?????? ????? ?? ???. ?? ?? ?? ???????  ??? ??? ?? ?????	1
"Bybit $4,000 Bonus (Global): https://bit.ly/Bybit-ZG
Binance $600 Bonus (non-USA): https://bit.ly/Binance-MZG
MEXC $4,000 Bonus (USA+Global): https://bit.ly/MEXC-MZG
MoneyZG Crypto Course: https://moneyzg.academy

Scammers are in the comments! I will NEVER contact you!"	0
Beautiful  creative and music	2
This only works if all people involved are reasonable. If one or more parties can't be reasoned with, then the problem continues. You can communicate until you're blue in the face, but if the other person isn't willing to communicate appropriately, then you've hit a brick wall.	0
I REALLY REALLY REALLY hope they don't screw this one up. Like, I'd like to actually hear good things about a mainline 3D sonic game made by sonic team that's actually good.	2
"Finally, I found something practical rather than theoretical.
Thank you sir??"	2
something about your tapping is so amazing. its the sharpness, but not piercingly sharp, your nails and the way that it sounds like its echoing. perfection.	2
this talk was really the best of its kind ??	2
Mong anh cho xin link t?i mod v resourcepack ?	1
YOU ARE A LIFE SAVER! I got stuck with a pretty bad teacher and literally would've failed my exam if it wasn't for you!!!!!	0
"BLACKPINK NUNCA DECEPCIONA!!!
ELAS D?O TODO O MELHOR DE SI PARA SATISFAZER OS BLINKS, AMO."	1
You know youve reached the top of the metal mountain when you get a whole orchestra to play a breakdown	1
"As a millenial I cant help feeling like we were the experiemental group with university somehow. How much could colleges charge and get away with? How far can they upsell this idea of helping people get better jobs by going in debt for the rest of their lives? Its ridiculous that celebrating paying off student loans is even a thing in the first place. 

Now that the next gen has seen the effects, they are only taking logical next steps to ensure their own security. Universities is just way too expensive...on top of that, theres cost of housing and food and transportation. If it were more affordable, I truly believe more kids absolutely would go.

 BUT if someone in that position asked me for advice I would always advise them to at least complete community college and 2 year degrees or certification programs at the very least, in a practical field. Many include internships that have great potential to lead to decent jobs."	0
Fr mich sind einige Spiele interessant. Nur fehlendes Gameplay nervt. War also in Ordnung.	1
Thank you so much. I was literally feeling lost to figure out what should  I learn first. Python, R, SQL. Now, I got hope. Thank you so much for your videos.	2
watching asmr in ramadan>>>>	1
Now a fetus teaching quantum mechanics please	1
Respekte nga Shqipet e Tetov?s ??????????????????	2
"Hermosa eleccin babes.18kissx.Uno
de los mejores conciertos ?
22:22 Senada: ""Hermoso""
22:22 Megan: ""Hotter"" 
22:22 Hopi: ""Sweeter""
22:22 Yoongi: ""Butter"" 
22:22 Amor: ""Momentos"" 
22:22 Alfiora: ""Preety""
22:22 Alana: ""Awesome"" 
22:22 Joonie: ""Cooler""
22:22 Son unos de los mejores conciertos, no puede ir pero de tan solo verlos desde pantalla, se que estuvo sorprendente zifn ?? 15:55 Son unos de los mejores conciertos ?? "	1
The fact they managed to get Lies of P into Game Pass day one is nuts at this point Xbox can damn near get any 3rd party game into Game Pass	2
Been with Xbox since the very first one baby!	2
"I'm a connoisseur of lettuce and I've gotta say foot fungus really just adds that final little bit of flavour.
Lazarbeam December 11, 2019"	1
???? ??????? ???? ??? ??? ?????? ???? ???? ?? ?? ???? ?	1
The moment polar bear appeared behind the seal and the subsequent chase with long moment of suspension when we know nothing about the outcome is some of the finest nature moment captured on film.	2
I hate how most people forgot about this masterpiece. It's one of her best songs ever.	2
Another well-made video about speculative biology. Keep it up, sir.	2
Its either floods, droughts or wildfires. Actually its all of them simultaneously. 20-30 years from now we might actually start to think seriously about reducing emissions, but I doubt it.	0
"me after trying metal ice,""why does my water test like metal?"""	0
"ABSOLUTELY  BRILLIANT PRESENTATION 
That is not said lightly, for I am a college professor of Archeology & Ancient History, though of a different period of time & of a region far far away from the British Isles. 
If, in your notes, you have some information concerning the Norse invasion of NW Scotland by Coll (Call) and his flotilla, it would be interesting. A very large number of the present population of Scotland trace their heritage to the Coll and Campbell (cohorts) families. 
Your facts are spot on and your presentation is nothing short of spectacular. 
Thank you very much."	2
Nikhil is genuinely the best person to represent Indian food on global media. He knows his shit and how to accurately talk about India's various socioeconomic and cultural backgrounds.	2
Funny how apple hasnt alerted me via their internal system yet and that I had to randomly come across this alert. I am so over huge updates for apps I never use but cannot delete, and the data being used in the background for uninstalled apps. But it is likely I was hacked two or so weeks ago, I couldnt find any information from apole to help me understand what was happening. I have no more room to update on my macbook or ipad, my new iphone is extremely frustrating and seems to have. Nothing like the convenient features of android phones, methinks I am done being a slave to their gaslighting.	0
"0:50 The Industrial Revolution
2:10 Computing's Origins
2:28 The Abacus
3:47 Astrolabe and The Slide Rule. Optimizing
4:57 Leibniz' Step Reckoner
6:37 Range Tables. Speed and Accuracy
7:30 Charles Babbage's Difference Engine approximates polynomials
8:13 The Analytical Engine
8:48 Ada Lovelace, the world's 1st programmer
9:18 The US Census. Hollerith's punch machine.
10:40 IBM: International Business Machine's Corporation
11:14 Next Week: Digital Computers"	1
"I'm from India and here, students can get admission to all the big universities only through an entrance exam. Due to covid the exams were postponed in April (which is the usual time they happen). Now when the country has hit peak infection the Central Government has decided to hold all the exams. At least 30 million students attempt these exams each year. Despite the clamour from the students and Opposition, the Government is proceeding with it. Students have a long list of various concerns that are brushed aside.

1. Due to the rains, many regions are flooded, families displaced and property destroyed.

2. Transportation is nearly impossible. Some States have still not lifted the lockdown, so trains, buses and taxis are either unavailable, or charge exorbitant rates.

3. The Exam Centres are few and far between, particularly in the rural areas. Without means of transportation, students are unable to reach the exam centres. Even if they do manage to arrange for transport, as hotels and restaurants are closed, or open only for takeout, they cannot find safe accomodation

4. Many of the students have applied to multiple universities offering same or similar programs. They all have entrance exams in September. If a student tests positive due to any of these exams, either he cannot take the exam, or he infects hundreds of others when he attempts the paper despite the illness. 

And like always the poor and disadvantaged in the country are suffering the most in this situation.

The government has offered no explanation or assurances for safety This is a no win situation for both students and their families.  The government has no solution that affects millions of students' education and career other than to postpone the exam or hold the exam. This is the state of education in India right now, due to an incompetent government."	1
7:32 Poor guy going to a costume party, his costume just cost him 499.99$ lol	0
Humans by nature are creative. Try again.	2
I wish someone would come up with a streaming service that includes a lot of movies from the 40s and 50s without having to pay extra for them. I'm a big fan of classics including the likes of Cary Grant, Kate Hepburn, William Powell, etc. I used to be able to watch them on YouTube, but they've pretty much all been pulled because of copyright infringement.	0
"updating this as I go along for anyone who needs it:
1:31 basic exponent rules
5:49 absolute value
6:38 basic fractions
10:08 trinomial w/ leading coefficient of 1 (factoring)
12:43 trinomial w/leading coefficient of NOT one (factoring)
15:54 difference of perfect squares
17:18 other special factoring cases
19:12 solving equations with fractions
21:30 functions f(x)
24:32 composite functions f[g(x)]
25:50 algebra portion multiple choice practice problems
1:50:40 converting sentence into equation
1:53:30 average of a #
1:54:30 consecutive integers
1:57:56 d=Rt

update: got a 1360 on my sat (first time taking it- Im also only a sophomore) so thank you for this review!

updated update: took it again and got a 1410! still not exactly where I want to be so I may be taking it one last time just so see if I can do better"	1
There is definitely more to this story. Like in June  the lawyer signed a document saying that was the last of the documents as well	1
Hey KRK , you are someone who is an well educated well sensed human who is trying to destroy the good works for his own personal interest. Everyone can agree that the recent Vikram Vedha teaser is really well stucked piece of art. Yeah it's a remake but why it has made ? Because the original one was not popular at all and it holds a great contents so why not it should be showcased second time . Hrithik Roshan is someone who thrives himself towards great art work . So guys don't take seriously these kind of nonsense review by a nonsense person like KRK ????	1
"""If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough"" 
-Albert Einstein"	1
Taken this song into 2021 who else???	2
The quality of your videos has always been good but lately they've been next level. Plus you're showing your sense of humor recently too - just an all around good time	2
*So great edit! This videos never dissapoints, thats what I love to see! ?????????*	2
seriously an inspiration to many	2
Shows what a tremendous difference we can make by being alert and notifying the authorities when suspicious. Better to be safe than sorry. The police arent able to do this on their own without us all being aware and responsible citizens. Massive thank you to all those involved especially those who did chose to speak up! ??????	2
"Why do I love this music so hard?
While I'm drawing, reading, overthinking, and so on, I let Lofi music play...
It's like a liquid run trough my body and fill it with love and make me calm down...
Do someone else think so?"	2
what is the age limit??	1
Thats one of the biggest crab legs Ive ever seen. Btw everything looked delicious as usual ???????	2
I think they keep home button models because kids and older people actually like it better.  It's so much more simple to do a button press than remember 19 swipe gestures.	2
"""magnus just wants to have fun. He could have won"". Pragg so humble."	2
Thank you ???? you gave me the confidence I needed to make a Stir Fry. You explained it very well  everything looks good  ?? Im ready to Wok And Roll	2
You are really good at ASMR so keep going, you're so sweet angel ??+ my favorite part is 4:12 girl it's so good ??	2
"Hi Rachel, how are you.
Thank you for sharing your invaluable knowledge with us.
Thank you for sharing these great job interview tips. This video is going to help a lot of people including native speakers.
Your videos are just perfect.
P.s I heard that you used the prhase ""a little bit"", I had heard some natives that this is wrong, since ""little"" and ""bit"" means the same thing and it sounds like repetition.
I like to use it ""a little bit"". It sounds fun but some times I feel a little bit uncomfortable thinking if it is correct to use it or not, but if you use it here on a job interview, I know it is correct.??"	2
OneRepublic a legendary band?? I feel that every song of theirs is nostalgic even if it is two months ago ?? Their songs are just good ????	2
Good luck to everyone who is taking SATs on OCTOBER 2. Let's get iiiiiiit. 1500+	2
Thank you for supporting small businesses in these hard times you rock!	2
"I love this guy's videos and have been watching since 2018 but it's unfortunate how they focused on iPhone's strong points and left out some of Android's strong points as well. It's also extremely unfair to make this video Android vs iOS because iOS is just on iPhones while android is on several phones, some astonishing, some horrible. They should've picked a battle like Samsung Android vs Apple iOS. It should of been a fair fight, but it sadly wasn't. I also don't like how they left out a lot of Android's features like USB-C, newer technology and tricks, and features like Quad HD displays that perform amazing. Very unfortunate and disappointing to see Mrwhosetheboos and Marques do it like this; felt very bias and unfair.

To keep going further, Arun seemed to stretch his thoughts and opinions a lot while Marques was on here, he was more accepting and less opposing to him, showing bias as he is a fan of MKBHD.
To keep going even further, they also stretched out points in favour for Apple by a lot, like the Software Support, which yes Apple has Facetime, iMessage, and more, Samsung and Android are greatly improving their technology; and Google message is to Apple's level too. I feel like this video should've had an as wide focus on Androids features then it did with iPhone features.

Great videos, but I'm very disappointed unfortunately, and this comes from someone who used iPhone and Android for years.

>> Final thoughts: This was very bias  towards Apple, this video should've not had bias and personal opinions embedded into it. This video was a comparison on sole facts, so don't stretch them to lean in favour one of or the other. This was expected with Marques unfortunately because he has very strong ties with Apple which grows his bias towards them immensely, and that is undeniable fact."	0
My evil grandmother threw my aunt into an institution when she was a kid. My aunt didnt have a mental illness my grandmother was just abusive and cruel.	0
This is how I will remember Amy. Healthy, glowing, thick, confident, cheeky and happy. She was at her PRIME during those Frank-era days. Frank was the perfect mix of pure Jazz and R&B.?	2
To see a grown man, dressed in this weird outfit, playing judge and juror, assuming that he has the ability to fix society just based on his color....is a sad state of affairs. We are in trouble.	0
"*31:21*
*Lets just appreciate how they always manage to put a smile on our faces whenever we feel negative!*
??"	2
<Always good to hear your thoughtful and logical analysis. That small rally was a fake out! we are entering a crab market. I don't care about bearish market. Trade a small percentage of your portfolio rather than going in and out every couple weeks trying to time the market  trading went smooth for me implementing *WTRADE INSPECTS* daily trading signals and tips..	2
Wow, that video was amazing! The show looks so fun!! I'm glad they fixed the CGI so that the characters look like they're actually enjoying themselves. I saved almost 90% on my airfare purchases using Mighty ???? Travels ???? Premium.	2
"Brings back so many memories ??
This movie is so fkn funny lmao 
I wish we can go back in time 
2002 was a year to be a teenager!!!!"	2
Im eleven years old and wanting to get a start on physics early to get into a good college, and this is precisely the thing I am looking for. Thank you so much!	2
"Found out that was out in a rough way

Was watching Prowl8413's Stream yesterday and suddenly someone was having issues with connecting to the SMP world he was on so an hour or so of that stream was basically him and Madlad (Creator of Defined PBR) waiting for the Linux BDS update"	0
"Fun cheats:
-In Bioshock, when the player recieves lethal damage, he gets a few seconds of god mode, leading to more ""barely survived"" moments.
-In Gears of War, the last bullet in a magazine deals 3x damage, leading to more ""barely defended myself"" moments."	0
I cant believe its already been two weeks. congratulations man you deserve	2
"TIMESTAMPS

0:40 Hoto Laser Measuring Tool

2:40 AXIS 16 Fan/Light

4:23 Mechanical PC Switch

6:20  Pikatea R26 Macropad

8:45 Biometric Drawer Lock"	1
Those songs were so deep in lyrics and such soothing melody make you feel its a punishment in getting older to hear what passes for reggae music today.	2
finally, a rubik cube i can easily solve	2
Em chc anh c th?t nhi?u s?c kh?o . V ra th?t nhi?u video h?n n :)))	2
LTT Extreme Tech Upgrades will never not be absolutely funny and (somewhat) informative :)	2
"""Believe it or not there's life after high school"" ??"	2
My daughter will be starting her 8th grade chem section next week. I told her that I used your videos to get me through my Chemistry for Health Sciences course in college (yeah, I started late!) which was a brutal combination of Gen, Bio, and Organic Chem classes! You're getting your next generation! Thanks for the help.	2
Ridculo o tse nesse caso da reuni?o com os Embaixadores - nega a transparncia e considera Isso um ato anti-democratico, e a imprensa joga lenha na fogueira pois a onda  atacar o Presidente ????	1
3 total illegal moves in one match with a CM and IM	1
Merci... Je suis au Niger  Niamey.. je suis intresse par les moules comment les avoir ....	1
Have a physics exam tomorrow and this clears up the material so well! I cannot begin to explain how much this channel has helped me with precalc, calc I and physics while studying to get an accounting degree.	2
The words that Agn says with 3 syllables just hit different like tactical and coconut ????	1
"Hilary Mason is not only a computer scientist, but one of the first famous 'Data Scientists', a very well-known word today, but not so much a decade ago. Her research and knowledge sharing has helped to develop the field into becoming the vast and useful network it is today.

Great video!"	2
I watch it 1 million time and I dont know how to do it I almost broke my arm out	0
Me: **realises at the fifth question that the quiz has started**	1
Your way of cooking is sanitary compared to people - who in the name of doing mukbang - eating the octopus alive or biting the head of the octopus and enjoying the black ink coming out of it.. I really admire your way of cooking and how you're keeping it constant..	2
"Hey Im writing in December how do I use my SAT to apply for scholarship as an international student 
Do I need to write SAT subject test as well?and are we still writing the Sat essay?"	1
This guy explained it exactly how it needs to be explained! Most people try to do tutorials that seem like they are for professionals, but why would a professional be watching it? Great tutorial!!!	2
"1- practice small talk
2-tell me a bit about yourself?studys
3-practice the question free talking 
4- can you tell me how you heard about this position?
5-what attracted you to our company?
6-what would you say your greatest strength?
7-how do you handle a bad situation?
8-what do you consider your weakness?
7-where do you see yourself in 5 yeara? by then i would like to be...
8- your turn to ask."	1
Can't wait for all these marvel animated projects.	2
"The man who replied with supremacy. ,Hats off to you Mr.PTR. ""Knowledge is powerful weapon"""	1
"Learn calculus in 30 minutes  
Me: within 1 minute googling what is a function"	1
"Pros : It is fun

Cons : You have to work

Dont thank me"	1
Hadnt seen an interview with her before but what quality, insight and delivery. Excellent interview Stretford!	2
"This Monitor is perfect for streaming. Three 27 monitors in one is amazing ??
But man is it expensive ??"	2
Rip Iwata, a true legend ??	2
Mister lanjutin dong stumble guys????	2
I used to watch these videos as a jokes, now i really cannot go a night without them??	2
Its crazy to see Dr Jordan Peterson learning. When I see him in videos, I just assume he knows everything already, like he just has a flash drive plugged in somewhere.	1
I know I might sound like a dreamer but I really want to make a historical medieval first person hack and slash game with Total War commands like Mordhau and Bannerlord. I know its a huge stretch but thats the end goal hopefully some day Ill get there	2
Nice explanation, for the first time in 5.22 minutes I have understand what is machine learning !! Thank you. Waiting for more tutorials videos.	2
eric also beat hikaru at (drunken) lawn wrestling :)	2
"""your classmate are not better/worse"". 
This really motivate me because I felt like everybody in my class have experience in coding and stuff and afraid to be left behind..
Now I felt more confident.

Thank you!!!"	2
Me Too! I have appointment  August 25 good help me	2
What Apple Product are you most EXCITED to see in September?	2
"""If you could support the WNBA like you support a fat chick that's proud of her body and no longer a threat to you"".. that is a perfectly savage line showing Bill's genius."	1
Love this song, it's very special to me	2
This is really an amazing animated video that creates goosebumps and fills every Indian's heart with pride, joy and sadness as well. The creator mentioned the name Assam but I want to add more names of freedom fighters, who are from Assam and equally contributed. Foremost name is Kanaklata Baruah, just a 17 years old girl and she took bullet while hoisting Indian flag and died on the spot. Other freedom fighters are Gopinath Bordoloi, Jyoti Prasad Agarwala, Maniram Dewan, Kushal Konwar, Hem Barua (Tyagbir), Bhogeswari Phukanani. Other prominent freedom struggle unsung heroes from Northeast India are Major Paona Brajabashi, Bir Tikendrajit Singh, Rani Gaidinliu (13 years old Naga girl), Haipou Jadonang, U Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, Moje Riba, U Kiang Nangbah, Pa Togan Sangma. And the list of names doesn't stop here, there are many more. ????????????????????????????????????	2
Great video. Was looking forward to upgrading my iPhone 10 for a 14 but the more I hear the more I'm inclined to getting a refurbished 13 as the prices are supposed to be insane this year and the updates, incremental at best.	2
The fact that Jake and Logan are featured is hilarious to me	2
"When Captain America was facing down Thanos & his entire army, & when all hope was lost ""On your Left"" (Almost) Every Hero from The MCU showed up for The Final Battle...??"	1
Hey jimmy i'm from the philippines and i'm one of your subscriber. Wish you good health bro and keep helping others. God is so proud of you.	2
Hey man, I'm a junior in HS and looking to be a CS manjor in college. I also hope to get into UMD :)	2
I have watched many videos now, and this was the best for AI beginners IMO. Thank you!	2
It feels so weird seeing everyone all grown up like Andrew's going to college. The Andrew sibling's dynamic never gets old ?	1
This is really cool! My only gripe is that its only 2 player local and not 4, when wireless and online are 4 player(although its likely frame rate issues), hopefully they add 4 player local in the future, but other than that the game looks like great fun!	2
This is so heart warming The lyrics deserve a special mention, so is the concept and performance. How brilliantly they have put across that Loving someone is also about loving their dreams and their real self . Neil and Aishwarya adds  that naturality to the theme .	2
bonuses for failing companies is super common. This doesnt make the practice of giving huge bonuses off the back of their creditors right. Its just weird that its in the news now because theyve been doing this for decades.	0
??? ????? ? ??? ??? ? ??????? ??? ?(???????)? ????? ???.. ??? ??? ???? ????? ??? ???..?	1
"They used to *kind of* have a ""can I trust this"" feature. It was called the dislike count. Not that this ever stopped 5-minute crafts."	1
I only wanted to become a data scientist so I could buy fancy cat pots to put my plants in.	1
"Smooth and mellow... Exactly what i needed today ??
Awesome line up btw ??"	2
Tenho grandes expectativas pro Grounded, t? ansioso pra jogar.	1
DARPA was working on cloaking technology when my dad was in his 20s so an invisible plane isnt far out of the question. People are quick to write off the stuff youd see in movies or games but dont realize its stuff weve legitimately been working on and they just dont know about it.	1
I have been a data scientist for three years. As a data scientist, one can only be a generalist until and unless he has domain knowledge of the field his company works in. The fascination with data science dies down once the projects are not relevant to your field of interest/domain of expertise. Moreover, companies now have a hard time justifying the massive amount of investment done towards data science. It's better to be a domain expert and then add skills of data science rather than just being a generalist data scientist without any domain expertise. Hence, I'm leaving data science and starting my PhD ??	1
Lets see how fast we can spin this *breaks cube*	1
Whenever I draw something related to Made in abyss, i will put this video. It matches perfectly.	2
Who is the fan of hazarat Muhammad SAW?	1
Stebin's voice is so soothing to hear, He creates magic with his voice????	2
Cosatu is trying to manipulate the people of south africa..CYRIL said ,before the prices rose,,,he said he discussed that with stake holders and labour unions,,why cosatu and saftu are marching now ,,does this means they are not satisfied with the cost of living or they want to see how many south africans reacts?	0
I hope for the sake of not feeling embarrassed for you that youre not trying to imply the controller with less opinions is a better solution when you can plug in the Xbox controller as well, put in batteries or do what every smart person does and insert rechargeable batteries. ??????	1
first thing that came to mind when talking about the most dominant creature was funghi and lichen... we need to know more about funghi and lichen *_*	1
Bro under 30k iqoo Neo 6 is no 1 option???	1
I believe that with few exceptions any aliens that are extremely advanced would be kind and beneficial to mankind and might only want to observe and not interfere with our development.  If they are that advanced they don't need anything we have or Earth.  They would have the intelligence to produce it themselves.	2
The fact that baby orcas have to learn their language shows how intelligent these beings are	2
This is awesome and quite inspiring for a fresher like me. every novice in UI/UX need to watch this. I'm almost giving up on designs until I found this video. Thank you for sharing this!	2
In school I had to write a bubble sort in 16bit intel ASM. It worked, was efficient and was well documented. It got me an A+. Even like 15 years later, I am so damn proud of that piece of code. :-D	2
"As a veteran, I think back to my military service. The oath I took weighs heavily on me right now.

At the time, I wasn't permitted to just say anything that I wanted to. My first amendment right to free speech  wasn't stripped from me, but it was tempered....this wasn't some abysmal violation of my rights, I willingly undertook this at the time.

It's *high* time to pass legislation that holds criminal penalties for candidates and officials who *knowingly* lie in the face of legally established facts and precedent during bids to seek office, and while engaged in the tasks of their office.

This age of obfuscation has to end with a gaveling that won't let th3 weeds grow back. This is toxic to democracy, and if it isn't ended soon, this new face of fascism will take countless lives and damage to unseat once it's entrenchment is complete.

The coup is ongoing, you see"	0
"Dear Richard,
I want to confirm that watching your videos, has helped me to land my dream job therefore I want to thank you very much for your efforts.
At each stage of the interviews,  your videos were my source for preparation, the questions, the logic test, the behavioural questions, everything was as if you were present at the interview room.
Keep the good work, God bless you."	2
"In my sophmore year of high school there was a Korean girl who spoke no English. Used a translator machine for the whole year and she would put the questions into the machine and she still managed to finsh first and get the highest grade out of all of us. She told me ""American test so easy like dancing."" I CAN'T DANCE EITHER!!!"	0
To be clear... That basketball player @2:17 did NOT intentionally bounce that basketball into the hoop. He was trying to throw it at the opposing team in order for them to retain the ball by making the ball go out of bounds off i the other player.	1
When this song came out I played it over and over for weeks.. I cant get enough of it! Was hoping this was a remix but Im not complaining	2
"One of the best reviews I've seen for the M2 Air. Very grounded and realistic.
The base model is definitely not future proof with apps and services getting hungrier, but an upgraded M2 (16/512) would be a delightful machine to work on for several years"	2
For the megalodon vs whale, I think that the creature that just scooped up the whale it NOT a shark. It doesn't seem like a normal attack of a shark	0
PINNED COMMENT:  This video took a little while to put together. Sorry for the delay, but let me know what your favorite reveal was at Gamescom 2022	1
I was listening to this song when they just dropped it 9 years later and it still gives me the same emotions ??????	2
Food looks so good and you are an amazing mother and wife ?? love watching your beautiful family ?? and your eating videos	2
"he said""ill give him if he gets more kills then me"" those are ones my dude"	1
"I would also like to point out that actually *understanding* machine learning well enough to tweak models effectively or read white papers on topics (as was mentioned as a benefit, being part of something), will be EXTREMELY difficult to do without a fairly high level of knowledge in linear algebra and probability + statistics. In fact, at my university, in order to enrol in the first machine learning course, you need to have taken 4 semesters of calculus (with proofs, as it highlights mathematical maturity one develops), one or two courses in linear algebra, and 2 courses in statistics. 
Thats not to say its impossible to use ML without that, of course it isnt. However, it is difficult to engage academically with the material without sufficient math knowledge (much more so than with required programming knowledge for ML). 
So yes, you will be a part of something, in that as the field develops you might have fun new models to play around with, but its a bit disingenuous to suggest people will be able to comprehend ML publications at a meaningful level, or be generating their own custom models"	1
I get people are meming about Morbius. But he is unironcally a really interesting character, and I love to see how they will design his minifig design	2
Esses vdeos s?o excelentes porque nos mantm informado sobre todas as promo??es e chegadas de jogos, parabns pelo trabalho !	1
Thank you so much, Don! I watched this video numerous times and studied your teachings like crazy, and I could tell by the employer's facial expressions that he was very impressed by my instantaneous responses and research into the company, and I was pretty much offered the position on the spot! 7/38/55!!!!!!!	2
Everyone is busy praising this movie.....but I prefer the original anytime....no comparison there.????????But your reviews are as usual hilarious.	2
Looking forward to the 14 pro max. The camera sounds really impressive!	2
That fumble had me dying ?? that's just hilarious	2
"I study mathematics, physics and architecture. By definition this man is an ORACLE in the strict meaning of the word. 

With all honesty I never imagined someone explaining complex topics with the dexterity this man has. He is literally an institution and an outstanding teacher. 

The computer graphics and the illustrations are simply perplexing. This guy never evades complexity. He never evades complex arguments. He illustrate the complexity and dive into the exhaustive explanation of the details. 

It's extremely rare to see a professor and a dedicated user to put a lot of effort explaining, animating and describing mathematics the way he does."	1
Masterclass la vido ??	1
There should be no war only friendly relations with us	1
Hes really respectful of people enjoying sushi differently.  Class act.	2
"Young people at 2022:Again this song!
People at 2032:Memories of this song !??"	2
It's a shame.  If Scott Waring ever does find something legit, nobody will believe him.  His credibility is irreparably shot.	0
"Im going to be legit sad when the Switch era ends. This is the last Nintendo console that came out before i graduated. Im having less and less time to play games but the few hours i put at them bring me tons of joy.
I hope i can have time for the Switch 2."	2
Im 35 years old, and I just started my Data Science journey by starting college this semester.  Been an aircraft mechanic for my entire adult life and been looking for a change for years now and you inspired me to finally pursue Data science. Thank You Ken, I'll be tuning into your channel just to keep my 'ear to the ground' in this exciting field. Also, not sure if you spoke on this before, but what laptop do you recommend for data science? Thanks Buddy and keep up the good work!	2
"This is excellent ??
Omg this looks tasty ??
Enjoy your content??"	2
"I'm team ""more tutorials, less hauls/unpacking"". Learning how to do my make up makes me feel better, while seeing other people buying a lot of makeup just to show it makes me feel even poorer than I am. Maybe I'm just jealous that I can't afford it, but I'm sure I'm not the only one that feels this way."	0
"These videos are good but I have two minor criticisms of this one:

1. Structural biology is concerned with the structure of large macromolecules. Amino acids are all small molecules so they fall more under the purview of biochemistry. Your description is almost verbatim one of the sentences from the opening paragraph of the Wikipedia page on structural biology, but I don't think that's correct.

2. Biomedical engineering is the field that makes artificial organs and other medical devices. Biotechnology uses living organisms or their products for our purposes. Synthetic biology creates synthetic organisms and is closely related to biotechnology, but the latter two fields aren't closely related to the first."	0
"You see the mob takes the Fifth, -Trump
If youre innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment? -Trump
Fifth Amendment. Fifth Amendment. Horrible. -Trump"	0
The more you know about yourself, the stronger a position you'll be in to make your life what you want it to be.	2
Glad we needed a scientist to tell us that you get rich by starting a business with a competitive advantage. :)	2
Acho muito fofo quando ela est de boca cheia ????	2
*Spider-Man's is assemble ??????????*	2
Post game depression never really hit me until Undertale and now every chapter of Deltarune. I don't know if it's because I'm getting old and soft or if they're just that good.	0
"Its be great if they gave us the feature to watch a video in one screen while watching on a live show to start in another screen top and bottom. 

Also the ability to add covers to the multi app clusters to make the screen look cleaner.

The ability to to swipe conversations to the side like Picture in Picture while doin other things instead of having to go back and forth between apps."	2
???????????? uau deve ser que isso da t gostoso hein	2
INCREDIBLY DONE ??	2
Holy gosh. Id consider myself to be a pretty good builder, but this mans base puts all my years of building to shame. Amazing job Skip.	2
I am from Jharkhand, I liked Dr. PTR's so called arrogance. We need more such educated ministers. Whole TN must be proud of him	2
Hell yes.	2
Other than an amazing player, Danny seems really modest and kind. I wish I was living anywhere near these kinds of Parks. I love how it's nice weather, people casually walking by and stop to spectate the game. It kind of restores my faith in this world	2
I gotta say I absolutely Love watching every single one of these and I hope it never stops	2
"Mario, Zelda y Metroid ??
Mi santsima Trinidad Nintendera vendrn con todo a romperla"	2
luke is one of the best 'trollers' out there cuz he makes them laugh, other trolls just insult other people and that can only be funny for so long. luke just makes people smile. :)	2
She's the type of person to climb a glass wall to see whats on the other side	1
I always learn something new when you post! ??	2
It's so great to see you talk about game design, I really think you should make a separate video about each one of those themes. I see a lot of developers that know how to make games but don't really know how to make them fun, and if you can teach them that, you'll be one step ahead of pretty much every channel like yours.	2
No doubt, the best Bear Market drinking game is taking a shot every time ellio says, the reality is	2
We need Chandler together with Jimmy and Chris on this channel more often	1
Bro thank you man!! Thanks to you I ungraded my dance moves!!! God bless bro!! Keep up the great content!	2
The best chemistry lesson l have ever had! Much appreciated from Zimbabwe.	2
???? ???? ???? ???????? ???? ????? ?????? ?????? ????? ??????? ??????.	1
My god... this actually gives me an understanding of why there are so many international students from China who board at my school, especially students in my year (year 12). To get an education which is actually constructive and without the burden of social status being dictated by marks etc. I'll have to replay this video when ever I start to complain about my education being hard because it is NOTHING compared to THIS.	1
I know next to nothing about sneakers, but I love your shoe videos and your passion for it. When you pulled out the Yeezys I was deceased ????	2
Very excited for train sim world 3 already pre ordered	2
Youre in the middle of a ground invasion/occupation of a neighboring country and dont feel even a little ridiculous complaining that someone ruined your navy parade? ??????	0
So hes still lying about his intention. How much more could he possibly pay in light of the fact we know hes still lying about this situation? Why do people follow him if they know hes lying?	0
Sir Roger will probably be with us for another decade, he seems incredibly lucid and physically well, my grandfather is 96 and still going strong, and he looked very much like Sir Roger does here when he was 90.	2
I wanna show this to my parents but I also want to live	2
Innovation pe bhi ek video banayi ye sir	1
"15:18
???? ???? ???????..
???? ???? ?? ???.. ?? ???? ?????????? ???? ????? ?? ?????? ????? ???? ???? ??????? ???? ????
??? ????? ???? ?? ?? ?????.. ?? ?????? ?????? ???? ?????? ??? ????? 
???? ?? ??? ???? ?????? ?? ????? ??? ??????"	1
I am fourteen and want to become a scientist and you are helping me achieve my dream. Thank you ??	2
What intelligence to be able to skillfully control those beautiful wings! About 22 years ago, my husband and I stopped by a large creek to meditate. As I opened my eyes, a group of five dragonflies that were traveling over the water suddenly stopped in front of my face, hovered there for about 10 seconds, then suddenly did a 90 degree turn in synchronized fashion and continued on their way down the creek. It was otherworldly. Ill never forget it. Thank you for this excellent content!	2
"I'd have respect for such folks if they'd just TRADE their predictions, and become wildly rich over time.  But the fact they make a living selling such claims to others is just pathetic in that they're never held to account. 

Any idiot can wear a suit (or a dress) and sit under hot lights in front of a camera."	0
Thank you so much for what you said here - it really cut through the mental clutter. Really helpful and insightful, great video as always!	2
???? ?? ?????? ?? ?????? ?????? ?? ?? ??	1
Apple TV+ dijo este a?o voy con todo, en lo personal desde The Afterparty ha lanzando excelentes series en diferentes gneros y siempre con calidad. Para mi, es la plataforma que ha tenido mayores sorpresas en el 2022: The Afterparty, Shining Girls, The Essex Serpent, Black Bird, Pachinko, Severance y recientemente estoy viendo Five Days at Memorial bastante interesante. Agregara tambin que Slow Horses ya tiene grabada su segunda temporada y que estn confirmadas 4, que conforman los libros en los que est basada la serie. ?Saludos lder!	1
Teaching bleeding-edge science to a general audience (me) without making it feel watered down is done nowhere else as well as here. Thanks to all involved.	2
Regardless of which side of the aisle you vite for, i don't believe for a second that any regular American is going to shed a tear or lose any sleep over billion dollar corporations having to pay their fair share of taxes.	0
"I'm over this channel because 90% of the products they feature in their videos, are on Kickstarter, and honestly at this point they should change the name from, ""Kick Starter""  to ""Never Starter"" LOL????????????, I'm just saying, as I'm also laughing my butt off, because that was hella funny, and it's also hella true, and yes it was also hella shady as well, sorry I couldn't help myself, anyway back to my point, because trust me it's a really good point, and just in case you're still laughing, let me get you back on track, so like I said 90% of the products featured on this channel and it's sister channel, or products that are on Kickstarter, and about 80% to 90% of the products on Kickstarter never even make it to market, that's right you read that correct, and my numbers are correct, because I did my research, so basically this channel, future tech and its sister channel, the future is now, both channels are useless, because over 90% of the products that they show you, you will never ever be able to purchase, so basically honestly it's a waste of everybody's YouTube time, unless you like looking at videos that feature products and gadgets, that will never come to market, and that you will never be able to purchase, seriously on being funny and sarcastic but also serious, because honestly I'm so over it and I'm over this channel, that's why I have unsubscribe and I'm telling everybody else to unsubscribe, so have you unsubscribed, please everybody unsubscribe, because at this point in time future tech and the future is now, and all those channels that display products that are on Kickstarter, and the keyword here is ""display"" because basically all the products are prototypes that are on display, and the public will never be able to buy them because they will never come to market, oh Kickstarter oops I'm sorry I mean never starter, oh my God I'm sorry I couldn't help myself because it's still so funny LOL, ?????? but like I said these products never end up going to market and never end up being sold, so this whole useless channel is a waste of my time and your time and everybody else's time okay, now guess what... time's up so goodbye, and remember everybody please do yourself a big favor and unsubscribe!*????????????????????????"	2
"That was great. Where do you recommend we go from here to learn all of the programming terminology like 'iterations' etc. 
Anyone, feel free to recommend a video for me below. Thanks in advance."	2
This is great for some people but you really need to regulate the actual universities who are charging absurd amounts, and that'll get lobbied against hard by college corporations.	0
The locker feature, the ghost feature and everything else looks so exciting! Cant wait for this game!	2
We'll send a Chinese dictionary in the next package.	1
"As a college student this video was really great for me... with everything happening due to COVID-19 it really slowly made me lose my desire to ""immerse"" in CS, and I didn't fully realize it until I heard you say it. Thanks for all the advice you put out!"	2
I'm still using my old Pixel 3 and was thinking about buying the pixel 6 when it came out, but it didn't really impress me that much... Looking forward to the Pixel 7 release! Hope it will live up to my expectations! It's a shame that Google removed the fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone that the old pixels had, really liked that feature.	2
"I can't even make the 3x3 cube, imagine 15x15... This man is very wise, Congratulations!!!!
I'm from Brazil ????"	2
This is exceptionally explained. I was also a student of physics and can somewhat understand the complexities involved. I only wish that he should have taken half an hour instead of 15 minutes.  Hats off to you Sir and thanks.	2
Hey guys can you check out Memu Aagamu the new Coke Studio track? Its an Indian-Kpop collab featuring Allu Arjun! You will love it for sure ????	2
music pandaR????????????????????????	1
"1) History: Stay away from me
2) History: Obsessed
3) History: Right or Wrong
4) History: My Hero
5) History: Crossing the line
My favourite history dramas in that order"	1
I'm all for it. Honestly, imo, the amount of money we're in debt ,they should either have to pay back, or deduct it from their own valuation of the club	1
"France, Israel and South Korea have charged and in two cases convicted(one is still pending) current or former heads of state in the last 5 years.  Both of the convictions led to prison sentences.  It hasn't damaged those countries, they aren't ""banana republics"".  All this handwringing is pointless.  If any citizen is to have any faith at all, left in the US justice system, these crimes need to be charged, regardless of the culprit."	0
"Chris:
Finds a sword: 
Price guy: $10

Weedle:
Finds box

Price guy: $30"	1
I will forever be indebted to you youve changed my whole life Ill continue to preach about your name for the world to hear youve saved me from a huge financial debt with just little investment thanks so much Mrs. Annajn	2
I gotta go to work in 4hours and I'm over here learning about octopuses at 2 AM	1
Documentaries of all kinds literally never fail to keep me intrigued, especially animal, crime, or history ones.	2
In the final scene:   It really is Tom Cruise flying the plane and it really is HIS plane.   He also owns and pilots a jet.	1
When they sell this house some day the open house tours are gonna be wild. They'll need a real estate agent with a sense of humor	1
Show,,estou ansioso para jogar meus jogos na nuvem que venha a atualiza??o logo!!!	1
I mostly want this due to the customization. I would love to see some Nintendo themed outfits in the game, maybe as prizes for online events. It would be cool to wear Splatoon outfits, or dress up as Mario characters for example.	2
Hope to hear about F4 casting. Theyre going to need the two years. They have to complete the cast and complete the writing then shoot then reshoot (as they do) and then get a teaser out months before the release of the film. Heck they announced captain Marvel and Brie Larsen over two years in  advance.	2
Regardless of what Powell and Ginsler decide, we just need to lay low and stay positive and plan ahead.  Don't get excited and jump in at every pump.  These times will pass and great times will come back!	2
Love love love love ASMR ??????	2
Been listening to this soon since I was a little kid- and it still poping	2
I have been getting into game dev in the past year and really enjoy it, and you are a big inspiration, THANK YOU!	2
Both were great. Sundar comes across as a very pleasant and humble CEO. Service oriented. Good and interesting interview.	2
Very well presented and informative. Well done Suzie and I will buy her book.	2
These pups are living the good life, all this luxurious food ????	2
Music ?	2
When you're watching this because your bio teacher cannot teach	0
Essa msica me trs uma nostalgia do crlh, toda vez que escuto eu lembro de quando eu era crian?a e ia pra lan house com meus amigos jogar GTA, sdds desse tempo viu.	1
Nothing is better than coming back home on a sweaty day from school and seeing your favourite youtubers new video, you look so beautiful! In my opinion, I feel like 2022 is full of clean makeup. This is perfect ?? Love you Christen!	2
hay l?m lun ???	2
My brain hurts and my decision to watch 20 of these at 1am is still not regreted	0
I'm 17 this year and am studying in an international high school in Shenzhen, China. I was in public school until high school; I'm grateful my parents provided me the opportunity to leave that stressful system. But I heard from my former classmates who are in the system that in recent years, the pressure on that system has been declining, but I can't be assured because I'm no longer in that system. Recalling my dark days in that system, I've always hated it because there was a lot of transcribing homework and memorizing poems and passages. When you fail to remember them, teachers will punish you by transcribing the poems and passages several times. I understand the reason why our government has such a system because we have such a vast population, and I do think it's relatively fair even though its fairness is declining, especially when this double reduction policy came down.	0
Editing is on point with this one. But unity's taking a huge risk sponsoring its competitor	1
Love the fact that he's able to give us the history behind all the Singapore favorites. He was also a friend of Anthony Bourdain if you Bourdain fans may recall.	2
Great stuff. I watch several youtube videos on how to trade in the market but haven't made any headstart because they are either talking some gibberish or sharing their story of how they made it and I do not want to make mistakes by taking risks in my own hands	2
The first kid in this video is way beyond most kids with his ability to understand abstract concepts. The fact he was able to answer some of those questions was really impressive and not at all typical.	2
I became teary when they all gathered to eat, the smile,  joy on their faces, the sight of the food and the beautiful landscape all gave me goosebumps ??... I love food and beautiful people ??	2
this video arrived at the most opportune moment!!  i started off college (i'm currently a sophomore) with studying biochem and holy hell was it torture. before starting college, i thought i really liked science and it is what my parents dreamed for me to study, even most of my cousins have studied something stem (science, tech, engineering, and math) related. while i did ok in my first semesters, i felt REALLY depressed and suffocated. my mental health was at its lowest, it was a terrible time for me. i realized i did not like what i was studying at all and the pressure i felt from my family made it much worse. a week ago, i talked with my academic advisor and we discussed about changing majors, from biochem to english. let me tell you, i breathed a sigh of relief and almost broke down in front of her when i was able to switch to an english major.	0
Now you know why iJustine always gets stuff because she just smiles and tells you how great the device is.	2
This is the most interesting video I have ever watched about physics in general. Thank you!	2
Thank you so much! Very clear and neat explanation! I hope you will continue diving deeper into detailed concepts rather than concentrating only on basics. Your way of explanation plus the details would be the great video for all I think!	2
"Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats. 
Voltaire"	1
I wonder how far Karl and Nolan would go if they were around at the time	1
Magic??????	1
this is legitimately the only long sat prep video i could sit through. all of the other people who make these videos have absolutely zero personality lol. thank you for helping so many of us juniors!! i feel much more prepared now than when i took it back in december :)	2
This Movie Deserves all the love and appreciation from people...a heart warming tribute to Boseman??	2
His food makes me hungry but his smile makes my day!??	2
"""Hope y'all see this before getting mad at me for skipping it LOL""
I personally wouldn't get mad for something like that ??, but still, I'm glad I've read the description first before watching the video like I always do ??."	2
Saving this in my university/school playlist	1
"One of the best thing about Dude is that he
never takes credit for himself when he achieves,
something. He always request us the audience
and his team, and he is always polite in all of his
videos. We congratulations ourselves on this
achievement. More to come and everything to
come??"	2
"Dr. Peterson, there is another physicist (turned philosopher) who wrote a lot about the nature of the mind and of consciousness, basing himself in his understanding of physics. His name was David Bohm. He is now deceased, but he wrote a book called ""Wholeness and the Implicate Order"" in which he discusses several things which might be relevant to this conversation, and which I found very enlightening. I recommend it to you. And while you're at it, you might as well also look into his interpretation of quantum mechanics, called Bohmian mechanics, since you showed interest in quantum theory. His interpretation gets rid of the inconsistency/incompleteness from which the standard interpretation suffers in an elegant and easy to understand way, and in a way which takes all of the apparent ""magic"" out of the theory.

I was fascinated to see that Roger Penrose uses Godel incompleteness to support his views on the nature of consciousness, since I came to the same conclusions on my own years ago based on the same mathematics. So cool to hear my ideas coming from the mouth of such a brilliant man!"	2
Nice work! The animations did a great job of illustrating your points and it was well presented and explained. I really enjoyed it! :)	2
Thank you, sir! You elaborated the topic well! Easy to understand, indeed.	2
"The journey from not understanding what an ""if"" statement is to having a complete game is always awe inspiring to look back on. Hopefully we'll see some cool projects in Unreal Engine at somepoint!"	2
This man literally born to create history hats off to Jimmy and the crew.	2
"Why should we choose between gold standard or bitcoin standard?
I want to have it all at once. Gold, Bitcoin, Silver ...

If we are squeezed in one standard the risk to be gamed is infinite high."	0
That's a nice interview ,so i can learn more about this and apply it into my lesson.Thanks you so much!!!???	2
"Among the parts of the Indonesian anthem included by Novia Bachmid:
 1.  Lingsir wengi comes from the island of Java especially central Java.
 2.  Cik Cik Periuk comes from the Sambas, West Kalimantan.
 3.  Sinanggar Tulo came from Northern Sumatra.
 4.  Ayo Mama from the Maluku islands.
 5.  Anging Mammiri came from South Sulawesi.
 6.  Lalo Ngaro came from Sasak Lombok East.
 7.  Tanduk Majeng came from the Madura islands.
 8.  The last of our national anthem from Indonesia was the one of Mengheningkan Cipta, Shanna Shannon sang in white between the flames.
The one moment of silence Shannon has sung in memory of all the services our former heroes have fallen before us. The song we used to sing any at the time of the red and white flag ceremony. The song creeps us out every time we listen to it.

The bird that flies over that hill is also the symbol of our country, Indonesia. It's Garuda bird.
The eagle's state symbol also has a particular meaning:
 1.  The Garuda has our country's symbol, Indonesia.
 2.  The Garuda's hoof clings to a single Bhinneka Tunggal Ika when it comes from the book of Sotasoma by the Tantular Emphatti that has different meanings but one is also (tribe, religion, culture, and language).
 3.  The golden yellow represents majesty, constantly charging high in the dignity of a people of great and lofty character.
 4.  The number of feathers on the right and left wing is 17, which means the 17th day our country has been free from Dutch and Japanese rule for 350 years.
 5.  Tail feathers of 8 have the sense of August when we celebrate independence day.
 6.  Below the chain of shields connecting with the tail is the number 19 feather and the hair on the neck 45 (showing the figure of 1945, in which our country of Indonesia was free from the Dutch and Japanese rule in 1945).

The instrument is called Sasando and the hat is called Ti'i Langga. Both are Rote Island, Nusa Tenggara Timur. 

Alffy Rev says that the production of a video clip of the Wonderland Indonesia 2 times will take about 8 months, and early in the song, there are Kecak dancers involved with up to 300.

Thank you for loving our country of Indonesia and for watching it on the 77th year of the Independence Day Republic of Indonesia. 

We are proud to be Indonesians.

MERDEKA!!! ??????"	1
Hi Professor, Can you please elucidate more on MS in Business Analytics. How is it different from MS in Data science? Does BA has less technicalities in terms of mathematics and statistics and more oriented towards business/finance side like a MBA?	1
"If you're still listening to this masterpiece, you've a good taste in music.

Architects never let me down."	2
"Alternate title:""i lived 100 days in a Philosophical cast away""
your ideas never cease to entertain me, as usual your story telling and intro animations, beautiful building time lapses and   absorbing narrations are all just flawless and on point. Another Awesome  video all round. keep it up dude. have a sub :)
By the way: i know the strange being that you speak of: his name is barroom, he comes from a old and distant time, from the 20th of November, 2011.  and very far away.
(if you know you know)"	2
"0 Nepotism ??
100% Talent"	1
Very beautiful, relaxing, calm, the music and songs from the piano are beautiful, gentle, soft, enjoyable, beautiful immortal love. Thank you very much for sharing.	2
Unbelievable! As a comic book fan I still cannot believe how far Marvel has come along. Thank you Marvel and Disney.	2
whoever this announcer was definitely needs a raise. everything was so easily digestible, and im glad new players can find their way even easier! she sounded so energetic, intrigued, and passionate overall. this 30 minute direct was beautifully executed!	2
Interest rates go up, people spend less, businesses and people's loan costs go up, the sad thing about inflation is that even when you get it under control the damage is done and those prices never go back down, Im putting all of my profits into Silver Gold Bitcoin Ethereum and food.	0
We really miss you Rishi sir and shree devi mam ????????	1
The CDC was only partly to blame. Our for-profit healthcare system also failed us, as iit does every day.	0
my prayers are with Richard and his family, heartbreaking	1
"By the way if this hasnt commented yet all the cases in the episode happened in real life or real cases. The was a lawyer who wrote essay about his cases, they bought the copyright from him, and hire him as their consultant as a lawyer to have the perfective of an attorney. This episode focus about being independent from your parent especially going into marriage, remember at the beginning Young Woos father wish that someday her daughter will get married because it all fathers dream to walk their daughter into the aisle and at the end of the episode YW said that if she will get married someday she will not throw the bouquet instead hand it to him so that he can get married since he never have a change to have one and just take care of her which is just the sweetest thought a daughter saying to a single parent so that he will not be lonely. Then our bride finally have the guts to be free from her fathers grasped because he is controlling her so much that she doesnt have the say if she is arranged to be married. 
Lastly JunHo and Min Woo are friends and flatmates they are not gays???? anyway you will find out in the coming episodes."	1
"Another thing I've found helpful as a CS major is to make sure to capitalize on those required gen-ed classes (subjects like History, English, Philosophy, etc.). Having a spare 100-level ""Intro to X"" class in your workload during a tough quarter doing hours upon hours of Java/Python can really defray the pressure. Many of these are also just as good when taken online as well!"	2
"To improve your thinking and learning skills, visit https://brilliant.org/ali and sign up for free. The first 200 people will get 20% off the annual Premium subscription :)

00:00 Intro
00:41 Build in public
01:54 Provide value first
03:01 Target the market you care about
04:28 Step 1: Learn a monetizable skill
06:02 Step 2: Offer your services for free
09:59 Step 3: Turn it into a paid gig
10:54 Step 4: Productise the service
12:35 Step 5: Hire people"	2
"this song really brings nostalgic feeling to me, remembering how I enjoy this Rihanna music and she's been a big part of my younger days! Thank you Riri for this masterpiece!



P.S. so addicted to this song again now!"	2
My mother used my successes as her gauge to show approval and basic humanity. It was never enough for her to show love, only maybe enough to prevent the threats of leaving or avoid hearing that I was a complete failure. Take it from me, dont push your children towards your goals; it only teaches them that they arent good enough to make it on their own. I was successful in school and was the first in my family to get a degree, but I was also the most miserable, sad child of all 10 of us kids. Is that success? I know it isnt.	0
I have just started to look into ML and learn more about it and this video is an absolute motivator! Thanks! Subscribed!	2
"""MEN SHOULD ALWAYS OPEN THE DOOR FOR WOMEN""
Guy without arms: nervous sweating"	1
Pragg in yesterday's interview :- I just want to play a better chess tommorow and he did play it??	2
Piti quils sortent liPad pro, je patiente depuis des mois pour changer le mien de 2018 dont la batterie ne tiens plus vraiment la journe de cours ??	1
Hey I have an idea that I just figured out today so if if you're in Roblox type in Rainbow friends too and then look down for a little bit and then you'll see Rainbow friends2	1
I want to protect Danny DeVito at all cost! This man is a national treasure.	2
If you enjoyed the video, please let us know by hitting the like button, asking a question, or sharing your thoughts on these definitions of literature in the comments section.  Thanks for watching, everybody!	2
I just want to say thank you so much for you truly inspirational videos, your interview tips and tricks have not only have made me more confident in interviews it has helped massively with my self esteem, i left a job in oct of 11 years and took a fixed term contract hoping they would take me on permanently but unfortunately due to covid they introduced a recruitment freeze so i have been an anxious mess trying to find a job and landed two job offers one of them being my dream job as a project manager! Thank you Richard keep up this anazing content!! ????	2
"'Yesterday' Jimmy spent his time teaching online kids' music. Remarkably he sang ""Tomorrow""  not knowing that 'Today' on this vry day marks the greatest day of his life. He deserves the golden buzzer??"	2
"She make it looks so easy, fast and ""natural"" even on smoke colors. It looks smooth ??  love it"	2
"Excelente explicacin Hayd, conceptualmente logr relacionar el machine learning con mi carrera.  Gracias a ti, a tu mam y a tu ta ;) ""No entiendes realmente algo a menos que seas capaz de explicrselo a tu abuela"" A. Einstein."	2
Me dio risa cuando estaban hablando y rindose antes de que Dimash abriera la boca y emitiera el primer sonido! Se quedaron mudos! Esta es la capacidad que tiene Dimash de cautivar al pblico, sin decir una sola palabra! Es maravilloso, esta es una composicin de Igor Krutoy especialmente para Dimash, no tiene letra para que las personas de cualquier credo puedan disfrutarla, y vaya que lo logra! Gracias por su sincera admiracin al magnifico Dimash! ????????????????????????	2
and that is why mission impossible does so well in the box office. Great marketing and well in advance. Also the box office lives for movies like theirs. You can just smell the popcorn while watching their commercial.	2
Pens in the shirt pocket is the science equivalent of military ribbons.	1
Thank you for covering this awful chapter of human history. These stories must be told.	1
I would love to see a series x pro version with a bit more power to run flight simulator properly especially with so many addons  that tax the system and a increase in FPS for flight sim would be great .	2
J'tais chaude pour me prendre le collector mais vu le prix, ?a va tre compliqu, je vais essayer d'conomiser pour essayer de l'acheter sinon tant pis!	1
"A good video as always! As a CS major myself, this is actually finally a series where I can answer questions and stuff in the comment section! Just a pedantic note for people who want a little more info:

1) There are also not versions of all the gates. AND, OR, and XOR become NAND, NOR, XNOR, respectively. They are represented by adding a small circle to the end of the gate. While they can be formed just by adding a not gate at the end of the inputs, they are common enough that they get their own specialized parts. You often here people verbally NAND and XNOR when talking about logic, so I think it is interesting to note even though this isn't computer engineering.

2) While by convention in truth tables 1 is true and 0 is false, this is often not the case when we actually look at real components. Because of power usage, the opposite is often used. Generally, the more common output is set to 0.

3) 0 doesn't actually mean nothing is flowing through. For example, we may set our 1 to 5 volts, and our 0 to 2.3 volts. This allows for us to have an ""off"" state at 0 volts. We wouldn't want our computer to be calculating stuff with 0s when it is off! There are also other uses for this state, but this may be covered in a future video."	2
Cells are too complicated for their own good. Soon they will band together and become powerful enough to take over the wor-- oh wait.	1
Domino's India used to do twisties (twistie bread - they used to be these long braided dough with garlic butter and oregano seasoning brushed on top) long time back. They were an off menu item and the cheapest thing at Domino's. These teiesties were decentralized and being a broke college student, the twisties helped me a lot!	2
I just found your channel a few days ago, and I have been obsessed! I love seeing the crazy things you do, and build!	2
"It's 12:00am here and now I'm very very hungry after watching this delicious, colourful ASMR ?? ??
Superb.. I enjoyed it very much"	2
"Cant wait to listen to some summer beats to heat me up during the cold winter ??! 
Keep up the great work chillhop ??"	2
Most logical and very easy-to-understand course content. His way of explaining is incomparable to anyone in his profession, and the topic is covered vividly and never feels bored. I gained so strong knowledge immensely in a tiny time. Hat off to the professor. You're the great teacher to me I ever had in this field, sir. Best wishes for your future tutorials and life as well.	2
